[Fei sits in a chair in the middle of space. A spotlight surrounds him. Nearby,the cross fromhis hallucinations swings.]
Fei: Dreaming... I was dreaming... Perhaps it may have been but a long forgottenmemory...
A dream... A memory... Things remembered when one is asleep... Things forgottenwhen one is awake...
Where the deepest layers of memories become the outmost layers ofone's dreams...
Which are reality? Which are illusions? One cannot tell until one awakes...
Or perhaps they are, at the same time, both truth and fiction... A vast nebulous... With noboundaries...
An emptiness equivalent to my own existence... I dreamt such a dream... A long...Never-ending, dream...
[Lacan paints Sophia in the room in the Nisan cathedral.]
...La ...can...
Sophia: Lacan, What is wrong? Lacan?
Fei: In that dream, I was called 'Lacan'... I was an artist... I had becomerecognized as a talented artist and now was painting the portrait of the Nisan Mother,'Sophia'...
Lacan: Huh...no, it is nothing.
Sophia: ...Let us finish for today. You look rather tired. ...Are you alright?
Lacan: I am fine, thank you... But, now that you mention it... Shall we stop forthe day? Youmust be the one who is tired, 'Mother Sophia'?
Sophia: Enough of that, now. When it is just the two of us, would you stopcalling me that.Just call me 'Elly'... As you used to do in the old days... And you don't haveto be so stiffand formal.
Lacan: Oh, errh, alright. Very wel... no, I mean... Yes, let's do that 'Elly'!
Fei: 'Elly'... It was a time when she went by such a name. A time when we hadmet up with oneanother... A time when nothing mattered between us...
[Fei now sits in front of a large picture of Sophia and Lacan.]
Fei: It was better tat way... Just two people, together... It was better to haveleft it thatway...
Lacan: I think I might go bacck home... Only for a week or so.
Elly: Oh, really? What is the matter?
Lacan: I ran out of paint. So... I, errh, need to go make some more.
Elly: You're going all that way... just to do that?
Lacan: If I don't go there, I won't be able to get the right pigments.
Elly: Oh... Then how about I have one of my followers, the -Kahal-, take you inone of ourGears? You'll arrive quicker and you'll be much more safe.
Fei: I lied... I wasn't out of paint. I just feared I would finish the portrait.I wanted to keep on painting... forever. So I wanted to buy time... She'd probably despiseme for that...
No, she'd probably just give me her usual smile, She was that kind of woman...
Fei: Dreams... A life of a man named Lacan.. And the lives of countless othermen... All but dreams... Now that I am awake, those countless numbers of long, heartrendingdreams are almost impossible to remember at all... In those dreams, I loved one woman... Nomatter the day, no matter the era... That did not change... Nor did her name...
[Fei now sits in front of a large portrait of Elly.]
Fei: That dream changed me... That dream was the catalyst for me to resolve whatmy purpose was. I think I know now... What I have to do... That long, long memory of adream... Perhaps it was the memory of my soul...
[Elly sits in a chair in the same setting as Fei.]
Elly: A dream... I was dreaming a dream... Or perhaps it was a memory. >From adistant past...
A dream... A memory... Those words I was unable to convey... That day... Thattime...Thosethoughts I was unable to carry out... Words and thoughts... The connectionbetween the two...
Without words, thoughts cannot be conveyed... Without thoughts, There are nowords... They are both as vital as each other... They can never be divided... Like the wings ofangels...
Like a man and a woman... An unchangable destiny... Feelings one wishes one could change... Meetingwithout the person who would change me... And watching myself change... I dreamt such adream... A long... Never-ending dream...
[Lacan paints Sophia in Nisan.]
Elly: In that dream, I was called 'Sophia'... Mother Sophia... A symbolicname... Crowned uponthe person who would be the people's hope... A name I was destined to havewhether I wanted itor not...
Sophia: Lacan, What is wrong? Lacan?
Lacan: Huh...no, it is nothing.
Sophia: ...Let us finish for today. You look rather tired. ...Are you alright?
Lacan: I am fine, thank you... But, now that you mention it... Shall we stop forthe day? Youmust be the one who is tired, 'Mother Sophia'?
Sophia: Enough of that, now. When it is just the two of us, would you stopcalling me that.Just call me 'Elly'... As you used to do in the old days... And you don't haveto be so stiffand formal.
Lacan: Oh, errh, alright. Very wel... no, I mean... Yes, let's do that 'Elly'!
Elly: 'Elhaym'... I've always liked that name... Because, when I first met him,that is whathe called me... That is my true name...
Lacan: I think I might go bacck home... Only for a week or so.
Elly: Oh, really? What is the matter?
Lacan: I ran out of paint. So... I, errh, need to go make some more.
Elly: You're going all that way... just to do that?
Lacan: If I don't go there, I won't be able to get the right pigments.
Elly: Oh... Then how about I have one of my followers, the -Kahal-, take you inone of ourGears? You'll arrive quicker and you'll be much more safe.
Elly: I wonder when it started... That he started refusing me... The wallsbetween us... Our'positions'... Our 'circumstances'... He refused to recongnize these... No...maybe it wasme... Therefore... I didn't want them... I wanted the two of us to beourselves... That iswhat I wished for... So, I had him paint me... The way I really am.
Elly: Dreams... A life of a woman named Sophia... And the lives of countlessother women... Allbut dreams... Now that I am awake, those countless numbers of long,heartrending dreams arealmost impossible to remember at all... In those dreams, I loved one man... nomatter the day,No matter the era... That did not change... Only his name...
[Elly now sits in front of a portrait of Fei.]
Elly: That dream changed me... That dream was the catalyst for me to resolvewhat my purposewas. I think I know now... What I have to do... That long, long memory of adream... Thatperhaps was the memory of my soul...
[Fei wakes up submerged in water in a tube. An alarm goes off and a fat man insome kind ofwhite suit approaches.]
Mysterious Old Man: Hmm... He's finally awake...
[The man walks over to the tube and releases Fei.]
Fei: I'm healed...
Mysterious Old Man: You've been sleeping in this nanoreactor for three weeks.
Fei: Nanoreactor? Who are you...?
Mysterious Old Man: Me...? I forgot my name... Some people call me Taura... Youseemed to haverecovered completely. Those were terrible wounds, but maybe your youth andstrength helped...But your friend's wounds are more serious and may take a while longer...
Fei: My friend...? Elly! Elly...
[Fei sees Elly in the tube next to his.]
Taura: Hey! Quit staring at the naked girl and come over here!
[Elly moves]
Fei: !! Elly...?
[He follows Taura into the next room. Citan is there.]
Citan: Fei!!
Fei: Doc!!
Citan: I heard from Taura and hurried over here! Boy, was that lucky. You werefortunate tohave come down near Taura's research facility.
Taura: Hm... This is no research facility. It is 'a man's hideaway!' Citan toldme about you.I was shocked to see a couple lying down with blood all over them.
Fei: A couple...
Citan: At any rate, you had a narrow escape. Fei, make sure you thank Taura!
Fei: Taura, thank you very much... for helping Elly... Both Elly and I were hurtso badly...What is that machine...?
Taura: It's called a nanoreactor. It is a device taht can rebuild substances atthe molecularlevel. Not only can it just heal humans, but theoretically it should be able tocreate manysubstances.
Fei: Is that the same thing as that guy in Solaris...? I mean... Is that thesame thing Krelianis studying?
Taura: Yes, that's right. I was the one who taught Nanotechnology to him...
Fei: You did?
[An alarm rings.]
Taura: We shouldn't waste time talking about such an unimportant subject. lookslike hertreatment is done.
[He starts walking to the room. Fei follows.]
Taura: Oh, you don't need to come. Just wait there.
[He enters.]
Fei: ...
Citan: Fei...
[Elly comes out with Taura.]
Fei: Elly!
Elly: Fei... I...
Taura: Ahem! Now, why don't you two go get some fresh air outside? It ought toease the shockof the change.
[Elly and Fei stand on Taura's roof.]
Fei: I knew it was you...
Elly: Fei...?
Fei: When you came in the room just then... I was afraid you may have forgottenabout me andeverything else...
Elly: What do you mean...?
Fei: I mean... because... Elly, you seemed a little different than before...
Elly: Has my face... changed?
Fei: No, that's not it... It's more like... I mean your atmosphere or impressionisdifferent... Just a little... But, I felt something familiar... I felt the sameway when I metyou for the first time... Some peculiar feeling like we've met before,somewhere...
Elly: Fei...
Fei: Yes?
Elly: I don't remember much of what happened after we were shot down...
Fei: It's better that way...
Elly: But I heard someone calling my name... I felt I was covered with somethingvery warm...I remember that clearly...
Fei: ...
Elly: Thank you , Fei.
Fei: Elly...
Elly: Fei...
Taura: Hey, it's almost time for you to come back. There's something importantwe need to talkto you about.
Fei: ... A, alright, we're coming! Well, Elly, should we go see what's up?
Elly: S, sure...
[They go inside.]
Taura: How do you feel now? The fresh forest air should have refreshed you,somewhat, heh?Anyway... It's about the removal of the seal... I found out it can be releasedby using theNanotechnology that regenerated you two. The Nanoassemblers are enclosed inthis pod.
Citan: If only we could scatter them all over the world...
Taura: There's a ancient military installation nearby... We might be able to usethe'Mass-Driver' located in there to launch this pod into the upper atmosphere.Once theNanoassemblers are released up there, the convection currents should spread 'emall over theworld! 
I wish I could go do it... but I am getting much too old for that typeof thing. Thenagain, it's for your future. An old man should not butt in. You young ones mustdo it foryourselves! Here, and of course,I'm not asking you to do it for free. Try thiswrist band on.
Fei: ?
[Taura puts a wrist band on Fei's wrist.]
Citan: What is that?
Taura: This is an 'Emotion Control Device' in which nanotechnology is applied.From thismachine shaped as a wristband, nanomachines are infused through your epidermisinto yourbrain. There they refine the SSRI intracerebaral substances, such as Serotonin,that controlemotions.
Fei: ?
Taura: Well, I suppose it's rather difficult for you to understand... But inshort, it meansthat the manifestation of your second personality, 'Id' can be suppressed.
Fei: Id...
Elly: Fei...
Taura: Well, it's all theoretical though... Oh, and I did one more thing aswell...! Iinstalled the same control device in your Gear...
Citan: You mean, it can rerelease Id at will...?
Taura: Yes. I called it 'System Id'. But of course, it should not be over-used.Use it only asa last resort.
Fei: Elly, doc, I...
Citan: Fei, there was nothing you could do... It will never happen again withTaura'stechnology though. He is one of the three Shevat sages.
Taura: Whether you believe it or not, it's up to you.
Fei: ...
[There is a knock on the door.]
Taura: Oh? It sounds like we have a guest!
Shevat Emissary: Fei...! We've got problems! Today, a peace settlement betweenAveh and Kislevis being held at Shevat... But Solaris' mobile weapons are approaching as wespeak! Please,help us!
Taura: That has nothing to do with this young man!
Shevat Emissary: Taura!!
Taura: You're getting on my nerves for being so selfish. Citan told me aboutyou. You showedup after finding out that Id is now controlable... Aren't you ashamed? Youhaven't changedsince then. You only care about yourselves. Fei, you don't need to listen tothese guys whoonce tried to kill you!
Fei: But...
Citan: ...
Elly: Please go! I'll go to the Mass-driver...
Fei: Elly?
Elly: No matter what happened before, Shevat needs your help now. Although youmay be savingselfish people... there is still the world and its countries with many moreinnocent people.Please, don't forget that. Bart and his people are fighting to protect thosesame lives,aren't they? So please go help them!
Fei: Are you sure? What about you?
Elly: Don't worry about me. I'll manage it somehow.
Fei: But, all by yourself...
Citan: I will accompany Elly. You do not need to worry. I have brought along myown Omnigear.
Fei: Your own Omnigear...?
Citan: Yes my Omnigear, 'Fenrir'. It is the same one I brought from Solaris. Ileft it withGaspar in case of emergencies.
Fei: Doc... Alright. Please take care of her for me.
Fei: Elly, be careful.
Elly: I will.
Shevat Emissary: We are truly grateful for your kindness, Fei!!
Taura: Hmph! Suit yourselves.
Fei: Ignas, right?
Shevat Emissary: Yes. The goal of the enemy is to destroy the cities in Ignas.They havealready destroyed half of Bledavik and will probably reach Nisan in about fourhours. Shevatwill try to drive them back with all the power it has!
Fei: Four hours... That's cutting it close!
Taura: No need to worry. Balthasar and I fixed your Gear with nanomachines. It'smuch morepowerful than it ever was before. Why, you should get there in half the time.
Fei: What? Is Old man Bal here?
Citan: Emeralda is here as well.
[They go outside. Weltall has been remodeled and looks much powerful thanbefore.
Fei: This is incredible!
Old Man Bal: We meet again! The host of the spirit of the slayer of god... Ididn't think Iwould ever work on it again...!
Fei: But why are you both helping me...?
Taura: There are some things you just can't explain with the word... fate.You're going to haveto see it with your own eyes.
Emeralda: Fei... Going?
Fei: Yeah, I'd better hurry! Hey! Where are you going?
Shevat Emissary: Fei, please hurry!!
Fei: A, alright.
[He gets in Weltall and blasts off.]
Citan: Are you sure you want to go through with this? You wanted to live quietlyaway from thebattle field, did you not?
Elly: I noticed myself running away from reality... At first I thought mysituation was similarto his. I thought Fei would understand my feelings. ...I didn't know if my lovefor him wasreal... I might have been desperate after losing my mother and father...
Citan: Elly...
Elly: Despite all that... I may still love him... That's why, I want to see whatFei can do andwhat I can do. I want us to be apart and think about ourselves again. I want tosee... how Ireally feel...
Citan: ... You have changed a lot Elly. What happened to you in the past threeweeks?
Elly: Really? I don't think I've changed...
Citan: Yes, you have. I should say... you have matured... ...Like a mother...
Elly: Excuse me! I'm only 18 years old! I'm no where near the age of being yourmother!
Citan: Sorry. You gave me that impression. That is all.
Elly: Anyway Citan, I'm going now.
Citan: Alright. I will follow you as soon as I finish here...
[Emeralda approaches.]
Emeralda: I, I go, too.
Elly: What?
Emeralda: I go!
Elly: Emeralda, I can't take anyone else along with me for something like this.I'll be fine onmy own.
Emeralda: If Elly go, I go too. Emeralda have to go with you.
Elly: Emeralda...?
Emeralda: No! Emeralda go too!
Citan: Why not let her go? I am sure Solaris has a hunch about the Limiter. Theymay interfere,so you may feel uneasy going it alone. I think Emeralda is cut out for thisjob. (...Besides,she is going to want to go no matter what. Take care of her until I can joinyou, please?)
Elly: Okay, you win. Let's help each other, alright?
Emeralda: I can do it alone. You just watch.
[They leave. Inside Taura's lab...]
Taura: Hmm... hmm... hmm...
[Grahf appears.]
Taura: I thought so...
Grahf: So you were the one who brought Fei and his girl to me... I realized itthe minute I sawthe two of them. Why, how could I not help but notice... They looked thespitting image of youand her. Yes, just as you yourselves looked back then... Right, Lacan...?
[In the Ezekiel...]
Gazel Blue 2: What do you mean... he's still alive...!?
Krelian: Yes.
Gazel Red 4: Ridiculous. Didn't Ramsus shoot him down?
Krelian: She was also on the Gear that Ramsus shot down. I won't have her die.
Gazel Blue 3: But, there is already a 'mother'... Although she may be the'Antitype', as longas the current mother exists...
Krelian: As far as I see it, that is not complete.
Gazel Red 2: Quite picky aren't you...? Didn't you say you threw away all humanemotions?
Krelian: I don't care what you think. Anyway... As far as he is concerned, Iwill put Ramsusonto him. Any objections? Where is he presently?
Gazel Blue 4: Etrenenk is destroyed, but parts of the memory cube is stillactive. We shouldstill be able to locate individuals.
Gazel Blue 1: Wait a moment... He has left the crash site and is heading towardsIgnas.
Krelian: I see. So he has left the area... (That means... it is only a matter oftime beforethe seal is broken...)
Gazel Red 3: Did you say something?
Krelian: It's nothing. Just sit there and wait for the good news.
Gazel Blue 2: What about retrieving the girl? They key is already beginning toresonate. Thetime of the resurrection is near.
Krelian: We can get the girl anytime. It doesn't have to be now... Let's takeour time...
[Weltall travels through the forest.]
Fei: On my way to Ignas, I re-encountered him. Kahran Ramsus... Ramsus onceagain stood in myway, in his omnigear, 'Vendetta'... It was an unavoidable battle. I releasedthe new functionthat was added to my Mark II Gear... 'System Id'!
[Weltall transforms into a more powerful Gear. He easily beats Vendetta.]
Fei: Ramsus' absolute confidence was shattered... Leaving only his cry ofdisbelief andresentment, Ramsus' machine disappeared into a sea of foliage. Why he was sofixated on me...I know not why. but he did say this...
Ramsus: If only you didn't exist...
[Elly sits in the chair in space. Behind her is a picture of her and Emeraldarunning througha forest.]
Elly: In order to disperse the nanomachines, Emeralda and I headed for one ofthe ruins of theZeboim civilization... The Mass-Driver facility.
[The picture changes to a pic of the facility from the sky.]
Elly: Fortunately, the facility was still active which allowed us to proceed onto the centralcontrol room with little difficulty.
[The pic changes to a pic of Elly and Emeralda running through a missile filledfacility.]
Elly: Along the way we saw various missiles and giant rockets that were createdduring theZeboim era... They stood like tombstones of that ancient civilization. It was agraveyard fora race of people who destroyed each other over pride and arrogance.
[The pic changes to Elly, Citan and Emeralda in a control room.]
Elly: Once arriving at the central control room, we met up with Citan who helpedus activatethe Mass-Driver. We succeeded in launching the capsule containing thenanomachines which wouldrelease the seal -Limiter-.
[The Mass Driver fires a capsule which explodes, causing nanomachines to bespread all overthe earth.]
Elly: The nanomachines that were scattered into the upper atmosphere began tomultiply andspread throughout the whole of the world. The nanomachines glittered in thesunlight. Flowinglike a large river, in the sky... That glitter would remove the 'bonds'restraining everyone.It was to be our light of hope for regaining back our true freedom...
[Fei sits in a chair with a pic of a giant Solaris ship attacking Bledavik.]
Fei: Solaris' Mobile Surface Supremacy Weapon invaded the area with greatforce... Shevat andNisan's standard Gear battalions were no match against it. It was only a matterof time beforethe Solaris Mobile Weapon arrived in Nisan. After we pushed back the SolarianGear units, weheaded for Nortune... to the Kislev Capital's administration district. We wentthere to obtainour one and only means or standing up against the Mobile Weapon.
[Now, in Nortune, the Central District starts rising.]
Fei: The Kislev capital's, Nortune's 'Central Administrative District' itselfwas a secretbattleship constructed by Bart's ancestor, Roni Fatima, after the Great Warwith Solaris manyyears ago. 
The existence of the secret battleship remained hidden. Later, theship was turnedinto a section of the Kislev Imperial capital during the founding of theEmpire. Uncoveringthe truth from some ancient records, Bart activated the secret battleship inorder to fightagainst the Solarian Mobile Surface Supremacy Weapon. 
The 'Sand CruiserYggdrasil' wasactually the center of command and also the main secret weapon of the craft...Awakening from 500 years of dormancy, its true form appeared before us. Commanded by its 'newmaster', thesecret battleship stood before the Mobile Weapon with all of us inside of it.
[The Central District turns into a gigantic Gear.]
Super Dimensional Gear Yggdrasil IV
Bart: Aaalriiiight! Transformation complete! C'mon monster, let's go!
[The Mobile Weapon is easily destroyed.]
Fei: The Solaris Mobile Weapon was destroyed... which brought a sigh of reliefto thecontinent of Ignas. Peace was signed and after some 500 years of division, theland ofIgnas once became united. Excitement spread throughout Aveh, Nisan, Kislev,Shevat... Thesky shimmered as if to celebrate. By the hands of Elly, Citan, Taura andEmeralda, thenanomachines had been disperced into the atmosphere.
[The picture changes to that of nanomachines in the sky.]
Fei: That was when disaster stuck. ...Our songs of victory were replaced by thesounds oftotal pandemonium...
[The picture changes to people mutating.]
Fei: In the beginning we had no idea what had transpired. We... witnessedunexplainablephenomena. People from all parts of globe began to mutate into abnormal forms.
[The picture changes to another of mutated people.]
Fei: It seemed to be triggered when the nanomachines removed the -Limiter- sealthat wasplaced on humankind by Krelian in the past... ...The 'human' form with itsinnate abilitiesreleased. That's when I remembered what Hammer had said back in Solaris. Hiswords were..."What becomes of the normal humans...?"
[In the Ezekiel...]
Gazel Red 1: So, they are naturally germinating because the resurrection of goodis near...
Gazel Blue 4: Those who will become the body of our servant... I never knew somany wouldexist, even without using the key...
Gazel Red 3: But, some of them still have not begun to germinate...
Gazel Red 2: Are they not destined to be the flesh of god?
Gazel Blue 2: Or, perhaps those are the enemies of god...
Gazel Blue 1: Let us reactivate the strategic points of the Soylent...
Gazel Red 4: At any rate, they are just incomplete mutants. They are useless nowin theirhalf-finished form.
Gazel Blue 3: God's apostles. There cannot be any harm in having too many ofthem.
[In a lab Krelian stares at an empty tube. Miang walks up to him.]
Miang: The chains that restrained humankind have been removed because of you.
Krelian: But that doesn't mean there is anything wrong with our plan...Everything is stillunder control. In the event of the explosion in the capital of Solarisearlier... ...I had setup a nanomachine virus to diffuse into the atmosphere. I knew they wereeventually going tobreak the seal... But the timing was a little close to comfort... The currentmutations of thehumans are an initial response to the virus... Once the virus we spread overthe worldgerminates inside of the humans they are no longer the same. They change into acontrollableform. We need humans that do not depend on the key's invocation in order toawaken. In otherwords, a being to take the place of the original body of god...
Miang: It's like a trojan horse released at the time of the assimilation withgod... A literalvirus... But... isn't it different from what they intended...?
Krelian: Of course. We can't let them have it their way. The 'Ark of God' ismine.
Miang: Either way is fine by me. I will just side with whichever is the morecertain oneanyway...
[Some mutants are seen in a lab.]
Elly: The Soylent System... A group of facilities formerly created by Solaris.These facilitiesexisted all over the earth. It is said, that, originally, these were used forbiologicalexperiments and brainwashing.
[The camera goes up to a door, which opens, revealing more labs.
Elly: The people who mutated into what were called Wels... or the true form ofhumans...gathered at these facilities. Some of the humans turned Wels were attackinghealthy humansand devouring their flesh and blood. That is because healthy human flesh andblood eased thepain of their sudden molecular changes and let them live longer. Soon after,several mutatedbeings started to seek the flesh and blood of the less mutated beings.
[We now see a different lab, with Wels eating each other.]
Elly: The Soylent System divides and merges those mutated bodies on a molecularlevel...
[Body parts travel through a tube into a tank with a giant organism.]
Elly: A set of facilities that recreate a more perfect single lifeform to beused as... a'weapon'. This was the truth behind the Gazel Ministry's 'M Plan'. Go to thosefacilitiesand you will be freed from the agony... So people gathered, seeking afulfillment of thispromise. There is a salvation there... The news spread... although no oneactually utteredit. Their mutated blood probably told such people to 'gather' there... We wentto destroy theSoylent System...
[Fei Elly and Citan enter a room where Wels are lined up. ]
Elly: There, humans fought among themselves greedily for limited pardons tolive. It was anugly battle to keep on living. Or so it may have seemed to the casualpasserby... But to methey were desperately trying to live It was the person's 'natural human form'There were the'haves' and the 'have-nots'... And... among them... were some of my formerfriends fromSolaris... They wanted our flesh and blood. They told us, the 'haves' shouldshare with the'have-nots'. They asked if a 'have' such as myself could understand theirpain... I couldn'tanswer... No matter what I said it would have sounded like a conceited 'have'speaking...Even so, I wanted to relieve their anguish... And I decided to do so. Just likethe personin the memory of my dreams... in the distant past...
[The giant creature from the lab breaks out, and attacks people.]
Elly: Then suddenly the system went out of control! The 'Sufal Mass', amonstrous organismstill in the process of amalgamation, broke through the barrier of thelife-support facilitiesand stood before us. No longer human form... that which was once human beganeating the peoplegathered there seeking relief... We had to fight it... In order to save thepeople gatheredthere seeking relief... The eyes of that which was once human looked at me,pleading for...death... to take away the agony.
[They defeat the Sufal Mass.]
Elly: Citan... please lend me your sword.
[Elly stands before the fallen Sufal. She cuts herself with Citan's sword andlets the Sufalhave the blood spilling from her hand.]
Elly: I'm sorry. I guess I couldn't help you after all. All I can do for you nowis cleanseyour wounds. I'm so sorry...
Fei: Elly...
[The Sufal dies with a look of peace on it's face.]
[Elly stands before the mutated people.]
Elly: Please! Listen to me! Stop fighting among yourselves. We are all humans!This facilitywas built by the Solaris Ministry... It was created to implement their 'nowaste' plan. Suchfacilities were to convert mutated humans into weapons that were used as toolsfor theirambitions. Just one part of their overall plan of racial purification.
Sophia: Of course, once you enter their umbrella of protection... ...you canavoid absolutedeath. But is that human life? Even if you are the only one left, if you'redevoid of a heart,what does it all mean?
Elly: All of you, want to be loved... needed by someone, so we look to others...By ourselves,we are lonely, so we try to draw together to live... That's what it means to behuman...That'show people live. A single hand cannot clap.
Sophia: To relieve your pain, I'll give however much of my flesh you need.Therefore... don'tthrow away your dignity as humans... Don't let go of your human heart...
[Elly falls over.]
Fei: Elly...! Are you okay? What are you doing?
Elly: You think I am doing something foolish?
Fei: No...
Elly: I only did what I could . Maybe I'm a hypocrite. A well to do 'have'.Maybe it's onlypity for the 'have-nots'... But if I can know the joy of giving out a little ofthe lifewithin me... Then maybe someday it may just be possible that one human cantruly give loveto another... People can do it... I truly believe they can. That's why...
Fei: Elly...
[Fei sits in the chair once more.]
Fei: After that, we went from place to place, destroying all the Soylent Systemfacilitieslocated on the surface of the earth and freed the people held at each of thelocations. Allthe people that had been mutated were taken in by Nisan where they receivedtreatment.
[The pic changes to nuns caring for mutants.]
Fei: Those who had mutated only mildly were treated with Taura's nanomachines,whichreconstructed and revived them. They were able to return back to their normalbodies.Unfortunately, there were some that had such accelearted symptoms, that theirtreatmentwas not as promising... Trying to bring them back to a form that resembled ahumans was thebest that could be done. However, mysteriously, they no longer fought forsurvival as theydid when they were held by the Soylent System. Of course, their recovery fromthe physicalpain of the mutation had played a factor, but it wasn't only that... Themajority of thepeople received by Nisan were those that had been admonished by Elly andregained theirhumanity.
[The pic shows Margie and Elly helping mutants.]
Fei: Between her work in destroying the Soylent System facilities, Elly alsowent around andnursed the people in Nisan. She aided the bodies of the mutated and lent an earto those whohad no other place to go for help... She was the very image of the woman whocreated Nisan...'Mother Sophia'... It became a rumor that Elly was a reincarnation of a secondadvent ofSophia. Go to Nisan and you will receive salvation... The news spread furtherabout and peoplecame from all over to be saved, both physically and spiritually. Free from thesupervision ofSolaris, the surface dwellers began to unite in one place.
[On the Ezekiel...]
Gazel Blue 1: The germinating of those desired to be the body of the servant ofgod.
Gazel Red 3: As before, the humans are gathering in Nisan. At this rate...
Gazel Blue 4: Not to fear... This might actually be helpful to us.
Gazel Red 4: The time is near, should we not prepare for those who are to becomethe fleshlybody of god, and those who will awaken god?
Gazel Blue 3: The time has come to activate the 'Gaetia Key'...
[Suddenly, bolts of electricity come out of the screen in front of theSOL-9000.]
Gazel Red 2: Wha, what!?
Gazel Blue 2: Cain!?
[The Emporer appears on the screen.]
Emperor Cain: What more do you intend to do? I can not allow you to use the'Key'!
Gazel Red 3: Cain! What are you doing!?
Gazel Red 1: Without the resurrection of god, our purpose cannot be fulfilled!
Gazel Blue 2: Or... are you planning on perishing with god, Cain...? Withoufulfilling ourpurpose...
Emporer Cain: Your purpose...? You were fated to it from your birth. Why haven'tyou realizedthat it does not arise from your own free will?
Gazel Blue 3: I've heard enough...
Gazel Red 2: Yes. This is the end of our own volitation...
Gazel Blue 1: If you still insist on opposing us...
Gazel Red 3: Guuaaaaaaaah!
Emperor Cain: Have you forgotten? You are my subordinates! I can destroy you ifI so desire.
Gazel Blue 3: Nnnuuuuuuuuhh...
Emperor Cain: We have already done our part. It is time to pass the helm to thenextgeneration. The people will not perish...
[Fei sits in the chair...]
Fei: Although the initial impact of being released from the Limiter seal causedsome momentarychaos, everything slowly began to settle down. We then began to search for the'Anima Relics'... the catalyst to transform Gears into Omnigears. In the past, ten Relics hadbeenrecovered... It is said about half of those are in the hands of the Ministry.According toZephyr, there should be several more Relics hidden in the land. We knew thenthat Solariswould most certainly be searching for them. There was no way we could allowSolaris to havethem. We visited the place where, using archaic records, Zephyr and her peoplehad been ableto get clues on the whereabouts of the Relics. Following the information weobtained fromthere, we headed towards the ruins of what seemed to be an ancientcivilization.
[After exploring, the party reaches a large room. In the middle is a large tubewith a glowingrock with an eye on it inside.]
Elly: This is...
Billy: The Anima Relic... Who is it? Who's calling me? I don't know. I don'tknow... Whatshould I do...? You were waiting? For me...?
Fei: Billy?
[An image of a more powerful Renmazou appears in the tube.]
Billy: Did you see that? It looked like... my Gear?
Fei: Maybe something has happened to your Gear. Let's head for the exit and seeif any changehas taken place.
[On the way out, they see the Elements.]
Fei: You girls again!?
Billy: Elements!
Dominia: I see you've gained a new Gear that has been aligned with an AnimaRelic.
Kelvena: You know that we should have been the ones to have it... We needstronger powers forCommander Ramsus to realize his long-cherished desires.
Tolone;Yes, for the building of our ideal country, we can't allow you to takeit.
Seraphita: So, c'mon... let us have it!
Fei: You knew what Solaris was doing to the surface dwellers... And you knowwhat the situationis like now on the earth... And yet you...
Dominia: What the Gazel do or whatever happens to the Lambs, are not myconcerns. Each of ushave our own obligations to fulfill. We don't have time to deal with affairsconcerning youweak and inferior people.
Elly: Dominia... Do you truly believe that?
Dominia: Yes. Look at yourselves, for instance... You, the strong and superior,were the firstto preserve yourself without any mutations. Is that not right?
Fei: Power and ability have nothing to do with it. It was pure coincidence wedidn't mutate.
Billy: People are people. Nothing more or less. I admit that there are the weakand thepowerless. But that's no reason for us to forsake them. We are all the samehuman beings.
Dominia: So... you wish to give a hand to those who would be saved?
Seraphita: You're so ni~ce and ki~nd!
Kelvena: How commendable. But... is that really what's best for mankind?
Elly: You were all once surface dwellers. Weren't you all forced to live underthe oppressionof Solaris? I KNOW that you know how it feels to be a 'have not', so why doyou...?
Kelvena: People must be able to stand on their own in any circumstances they arein.Overprotection only stunts the will to be independant. This stunts the growthof the people ofthe world. We've experienced that first hand. Live by one's own strength, standon one's ownfeet! It's sad but true that the weak will be weeded out... But we cannot lookback. That isthe providence of human existance.
Elly: That is just the providence of those who are the haves!
Dominia: Hmph. So be it then, show me this providence of yours that wishes tosave the meager'have nots'! Here I come!
[After the fight...]
Dominia: Hah... We may have fared poorly when we fought in the flesh, but wewill finish youoff in our Gears! Come! Follow me!
[They leave. The party follows them outside.]
Dominia: What took you!?
Fei: What meaning is there in fighting again?
Dominia: Silence! Now we have no choice but to fight. Now we will show you thetrue powers ofthe Elements! Get ready... Because here we come!
Kelvena: Let us merge and combine our forces!
Dominia: Elements in Union!
[In a spectacular sequence, the four Gears combine into one huge humanoid Gear.The partydefeats them.]
Elly: Some things only the weak can feel... But weakness does not make themservile. It'sbecause they are weak, that they can develop kindness... and never look down onpeople. Thatis where real human interaction comes from. Everyone has weaknesses. Even youdid at first.Your weakness drew you to each other... And made you grow strong. Never forgetthose feelings.When you all lived together side by side...
[Elly starts walking off.]
Dominia: Wait! Are you trying to show us mercy? Or are you just trying to showoff?
Elly: You've got us all wrong, Dominia. Our paths may be different, but ourgoals are the same.That's why I can't fight you anymore. There's no reason for me to... That'sall.
[The party leaves.]
Kelvena: Well, it looks like they sure showed us a thing or two!
Dominia: Hmph...
[Elly sits in the chair in front of a pic of the Element's Gears.]
Elly: Having fled from the Elements, who tried to take the Relic to be used as apower tofulfill Ramsus' desires... we once again initiated our search forinformation... on thewhereabouts of the last known Relic...
[In Solaris...]
Gazel Red 4: He is no longer one of us...
Gazel Red 1: Yes. He dares to go against our objectives. Just like the otherone...
Gazel Blue 3: We can still activate the key...
Gazel Red 2: We must do something about the one who stands in our way... We musteliminateCain...
Gazel Blue 2: But, we can not stand up to his power.
Gazel Red 3: Only 'Cain' can destroy 'Cain'...
Gazel Blue 1: So 'Mother', will you do it for us?
Miang: Maybe... Did Krelian say anything?
Gazel Blue 4: Something concerning the potential energy as a countervailingexistence... Witheverything focusing on a single point...
Miang: I see... But Kahr is still shaken up by... yesterday's defeat againstFei. We arealmost ready. I need a little more time...
Gazel Blue 1: Then we'll wait. We'll wait till the time is ripe...
[Dominia listens in on the conversation from outside.]
Dominia: Krelian...? A countervailing existence...? That Miang.. what's she upto...? I hadbetter warn the Commander...!
[She runs towards the control room. Inside, Ramsus tries to leave, but Kelvenaand Toloneblock the way.]
Ramsus: Out of the way! Let me through! That bastard! I'll hunt him outmyself...!
Kelvena: Please calm down, Commander!
Tolone: We'll make care of him and his friends!
Ramsus: What could you fools do? Imbeciles! Only I can beat him! Only I, whotranscends allother humans, can possibly take him down!
[He runs towards the door. Dominia comes in.]
Ramsus: Move!
[Ramsus goes right by her and leaves.]
Dominia: Commander! Wait!...
[Elly sits in the chair...]
Elly: While Fei and the others searched for the resting place of the last knownAnima Relic,I temporarily returned to Nisan. I don't know why I went back, Just... I hadthis stirringwithin my heart... that some danger was awaiting there...
[A pic of Elly in a Nisan house appears behind her.]
Elly: All of the people accepted into Nisan were on the road to recovery. Therewere stillthose who were not able to completely recover, but Taura's nanomachinescontinued to evolvefrom day to day. Thanks to the nanomachines, the treatments were becoming moreand moresuccessful and the day when everyone would regain there original bodily formwas approaching.
[The pic changes to Vendetta landing in Nisan.]
Elly: A trembling... There was a sudden explosion in the city of Nisan. Withinthe burning firestood a gold Omnigear... It was Ramsus. He assaulted Nisan so that he coulddefeat Fei. Hispurpose of existing was at stake... The Nisan and Shevat militia, even Renk andhis friendsfrom Solaris who now served to protect Nisan, could not thwart the assault. Thepeople wereevacuated into the Cathedral. Continuing to search for Fei, Ramsus put themilitia to routand pressed on toward the Cathedral... he was... ruined... He had his mind setsolely ongetting at Fei... I stood before him.
[The picture changes to another picture of Vendetta.]
Ramsus: Where! Where is he!? I know it! He's here! Why does he not come out!?
Elly: Ramsus! The Fei you seek is not here! So please, stop this meaninglessviolence!
Ramsus: You... Yes...You will do...
[A third picture of Vendetta appears in the background...]
Ramsus: Come out! Fei! If you will not come out, I will crush Elhaym!
Elly: Ughh...!
Margie: Elly!
Renk: Boss...
Elly: Keep back...
Ramsus: Not coming out, eh... Have it your way. Then from tonight on you will becrying withthis woman's dead body in your arms!
Elly: Uuuuaaggggg
[A fourth pic of Vendetta appears, this time with Elly in front of it.]
Ramsus: H, how the !? What happened!? Why can't I move!?
Margie: Elly!
Renk: Are you okay!?
Ramsus: H, how could I... to the likes of you...? N, not only to him, but I amalso inferior toyou...!? Me!?
Elly: What happened to you, Ramsus...? Why are you caught up with Fei so much...Why are youbothered by who is more superior?
Ramsus: I was originally created to be the integration of all human abilities......To be ableto align with all of the Anima Relics... I was created to have the powersequivalent to thoseof Emperor Cain. You could say I was to be the ideal form which all peoplestrive to become...However... ...once he was born... I was ...rejected... ...I was given life in apile oftrash... ...Born in the dark, cold abyss of worthlessness...
[A new picture appears in the background. It is of a fetus in a large pile oftrash.]
Ramsus: But I was able to crawl out of there! I was able to survive on my ownstrength! Inorder to get back at all those who have forsakken me! Despite all of that, Iwas able to getthis far! I was able to provide myself with the warmth that I required tocontinue living!But, he had to come back and intervene in my life one more time! He tried totake away fromme again! As long as he exists... I don't belong anywhere...
Elly: I think I know why you are so fixated on Fei... You do not really knowwhat you should bedoing with your life right now. You're simply trying to protect yourself byattacking Fei...Byattacking others, you are confirming your own existence. That's why you stiveto be aboveeveryone else... Because, otherwise, you'd be enveloped by a void... becauseyou yourselfwould disappear... Because that emptiness within your heart will only grow...Because you wantto hang on to love...
Ramsus: Silence! Even you are trying to take it away from me!? ...That warmth!That very warmthI've finally obtained!
Elly: Ramsus... No one is attacking you. No one is trying to take away what isso precious toyou... No one is threatening your existence... It's all in your mind. So don'thide yourfeelings that are in your heart... Don't fear love...
[A new picture appears in the background, that of Krelian and a dark hairedwoman looking ata fetus in a tube.]
Ramsus: Y, you... Now you... Aarrrgghhh!
[Ramsus leaves.]
Elly: Ramsus was in fear. He feared losing the place he belonged to... He fearedthat Fei wasthe one who would take it away from him... He believed love was something youtake... Hecraved love more than anyone else...
[At the SOL-9000...]
Gazel Red 1: Worthless...
Gazel Red 3: Trash...
Gazel Blue 2: Reject...
Gazel Red 2: Why even bother existing...?
Gazel Red 4: Defect...
Gazel Blue 4: Be gone...
Gazel Blue 3: We have no use for you...
Gazel Blue 1: Hah! Trash is of more worth to us than you...
[The SOL-9000 turns off.]
Ramsus: ...
Miang: Kahr... Don't worry. I'll always be by your side. No one knows you betterthan I do.So don't...
Ramsus: Miang! Is this... Is this all I can do? Is this the extent of mystrength andabilities? I couldn't beat him... And in front of that woman, I couldn't evendo a thing...Is this the limit of my existence!? My abilities...!?
Krelian: ...You're the same as Cain. An archetype that surpasses all humans. Imade you in thesame way. but he is the one who is preventing you from fully releasing yourpowers. Dividedpowers... That man was your original form. The primordial superior being... Ifyou coulddefeat him, then you would be...
Miang: Yes. Even with your superior constitution, the existence of the originalbeing hindersyou. If you could eliminate the divided power, then it would all be yours...Don't you agreeKahr...?
[Fei sits in the chair...]
Fei: Having completed the alignment of the first Anima Relic with Billy, therewas a remarcablechange in the appearance and structure of Billy's Gear. They were units thatmerged with theinorganic... Of course we had no idea what purpose these ancient Anima Relicswere createdfor, but the fact that they played some kind of role as weapons was blatantlyobvious.Eventually their true power will be released... And we cannot allow this powerto fall intothe hands of evil. In order to obtain the final Relic, we headed for a ruinthat is believedto be almost 10,000 years old. ...The remains of the first civilization on ourplanet. And...a reunion with an old 'friend' awaited us...
[After exploring, Fei, Elly and Rico find the final Anima Relic.]
Elly: So there is an Anima Relic in these ruins.
Rico: Hmph, so ancient people worshipped meaningless things too, huh? Who'sthat? Wha'd yousay? Say something I understand! Who're you!? Get outta my head!
Fei: Rico, are you okay?
[Suddenly, the Anima Relic flashes. An image of a more powerful Stier appears.]
Rico: I've seen that shape somewhere before.
Fei: Wasn't that Rico's Gear? So it looks like it was your turn, Rico! Wellanyway, we'll soonsee when we go outside.
[They exist the small cavern and go back outside.]
Fei: Whoa! What the...?
[Something approaches from the chasm below... It is Hammer in a powerfullooking Gear.]
Hammer: Hey, bro... Heh heh heh. It's been a long time no see, bro!
Fei: Hammer, is that you? What are you doing in that outfit?
Hammer: I was finally able to get it... Super-strength... Just like you, bro! Itfeels sogood... being one with your Gear. Krelian did this for me. Anyway, just leavethat Gear andmiss Elly for me. Resistance is useless. I'm much too powerful for you now...
Fei: What are you saying, Hammer?
Hammer: What? You're not handing them over? ...I see. Then I'll just have to useforce and takethe girl and the Gear from you!
Rico: Stop it, Hammer!
Hammer: Even you, 'Champ', won't win against me now. Here I come!
[The party beats Hammer after a long fight.]
Hammer: Heh heh... That's my bro... Far too strong... Even for me... Just when Ithought Ifinally got powerful enough to beat you too!
Rico: Hammer...!
Hammer: Champ... Promise me you'll go back to Nortune one day... You are... thenext in line...to be the Kaiser...
Rico: You knew?
Hammer: Don't underestimate the power of my information network... But... It'sno use now...I... For a bit player... like me... this is probably... the end... I deserve...
[Hammers Gear collapses and falls down into the chasm.]
Rico: Hamme~r...!
[Fei sits in the chair...]
Fei: Hammer dissappeared into the chasm with a look of satisfaction...Was hehappy becausehe had been able to attain it...? 'His brief moment of power'... Hammer'ssmile... Was thatthe look of joy from attaining power...? Or was it the look of relief from tehpain that wasbrought upon him by his mutation...? Ulimately, we had no other choice but todefeat our'friend', Hammer, for the sake of our own survival... Was there any other wayaround it...?I've never felt that fighting was so futile, until now... Elly criedcontinously... She hatedherself for not having the power to be able to do anything to help him. When Isaw her likethat, I couldn't help thinking... I can no longer allow her to fight likethis... We returnedto Ignas... Feeling this had become much more than we could bear...
[Fei sits in the chair...]
Fei: Hammer dissappeared into the chasm with a look of satisfaction...Was hehappy because hehad been able to attain it...? 'His brief moment of power'... Hammer's smile...Was that thelook of joy from attaining power...? Or was it the look of relief from teh painthat wasbrought upon him by his mutation...? Ulimately, we had no other choice but todefeat our'friend', Hammer, for the sake of our own survival... Was there any other wayaround it...?I've never felt that fighting was so futile, until now... Elly criedcontinously... She hatedherself for not having the power to be able to do anything to help him. When Isaw her likethat, I couldn't help thinking... I can no longer allow her to fight likethis... We returnedto Ignas... Feeling this had become much more than we could bear...
[Ramsus approaches Cain on his throne. He holds a sword in his hand.]
Cain: What do you want... Ramsus...?
[Suddenly, a red light materializes around the Emperor.]
Ramsus: You... If you didn't exist... I... That's why... I must... get rid... ofyou... Onlythen I will be able to beat him...
Cain: What do you think you're doing Ramsus...!?
[The light surrounding Cain dissappears.]
Cain: That's absurd! Do you think you can neutralize my power!?
Krelian: Of course he can. He was made to be able to do so.
Cain: Krelian...!? Surely you're not on their side now!?
Krelian: Oh, really now... I don't care about a group of old geezers who are soobsessed withclinging onto their dear little lives... ...that they had to resort to turningthemselves intodata on the SOL-9000 in order to survive. That's not why... Your existenceobstructs me fromreaching my goal. That's all...
Cain: Haven't you been working for humanity's future... For humans to livelonger? That is whyI assisted you...
Krelian: Yes, that's right. I try to lead the people in 'my own way'. Thathasn't changed inthe least.
Cain: Krelian, what's got into you...!?
Krelian: Kill him, 'Ramses'!
Ramsus: Uuuuaaaahhhh!!
[Ramsus swings his sword at Cain's head. The sword connects, and Cain's headfalls off,spilling blood all over the throne. Cain's head falls into the abyss belowthem. All of theimages and mirrors surrounding the throne crumble. Ramsus and Krelian leave.]
[Afterwards...]
Gazel Blue 2: So... Cain is dead?
Gazel Red 2: Yes.
Gazel Blue 4: The final fate for one bound within everlasting flesh...
Gazel Red 2 : If only he had just accepted our logical ideas too...
Gazel Blue 1: A fitting end for someone who had become dominated by needlessflesh. Excellentwork, Krelian.
Krelian: ...
Gazel Blue 3: Now there is nothing that can stand in the way of us accomplishingourobjective.
Gazel Red 1: The 'Anima Relics' have been awakened and have aligned with theirrespective'Animus'... Dan, Joseph, Gad... have each been aligned with a surface dwelleras theirAnimus...
Gazel Blue 4: Hyuga's Asher, Ramsus' Zebulun, Krelian's Judah, Sophia's Dinah...
Gazel Red 3: Reuben, Simeon, Levi and Issacher were already aligned 500 yearsago...
Gazel Blue 2: And finally... Grahf's Naphtali... All of the 'Anima Relics' havenow beenactivated.
Gazel Red 2: The identity of the -Persona- mask of the 'mother' has also becomeclear.
Gazel Red 4: The time has come.
Gazel Blue 4: Now it is time to open the door to god's domain to attain thefleshly body andthe wisdom of god...
Gazel Blue 3: The time of the true awakening... To carry us to new horizons...Yes, the timeof the gospel has come...!
Gazel Blue 1: Now, humans! Extol the awakening of god!
[Suddenly, the Gaetia Key, a large cylinder shaped object around 5 feet tallwith variousgrooves on it exits from the bottom of the SOL-9000 and enters the keyhole inthe floor. Itturns. Suddenly, a an elaborate circular design appears around the keyhole.]
[Fei sits in the chair in space.]
Fei: Suddenly the howling erupted. Even the people who had not mutated werebeing turned...into Wels. They howled out like war cries, as if to call out to something.
[A picture of people in Nisan mutating appears behind Fei.]
Fei: That was because Ramsus had been manipulated into assasinating the Emperor.Now, withnothing else holding them back, the Ministry had put into use the 'GaetiaKey'... The effectof which was to alter those people who had been destined by god. Those peopledestined by god,regardless of whether they were surface dwellers or Solarians, began to changeshape, oneafter the other... The howling was the people, who had filled the earth,calling out to god.Once humans have filled the earth, god will awaken from his long sleep... Andthe awakening ofMahanon, the paradice in the sky, will soon follow... The true meaning of whatteh Ministryhad spoken, the true nature of that legend, was at last beginning to berealized. This is whatthey meant when they said "once humans have filled the earth..." Eventually,'Mahanon', theresting place of god, woke from its long slumber and began to rise... ...almostas ifresponding to the call of the people. It appeared to us in all it's magesticglory...
[The wreckage of a large ship, covered with seaweed and various seascum risesfrom the oceanslowly. This ship is the 'Mahanon' mentioned by the Ministry and Emperor.]
Fei: Solaris's Gazel Ministry sent a massive force there to obtain "god and hiswisdom" ...But,by now, neither the nation of Solaris, nor the organization known as Gebler,existed anymore.The only thing that was left was an innumerable accumulation of weapons. Almostall of theSolarians had been transfigured into weapons... The Gazel Ministry now reignedover them astheir commanders. There was no way we could allow god or god's wisdom to fallinto the handsof the ministry. We decided to assemble all the forces we could and head towardMahanon. Itwas a perilous battle. There was no guarantee we could make it back alive... Wewere to carryout the plan at dawn. Hence, I had to stiffen my resolve concerning 'her'...
Elly: Wait a minute! You want me to stay here? No, I'm going with you!
Fei: No. It's too dangerous...
Elly: Why? I've been in many dangerous situations. This isn't the first time!
Fei: I said NO! We can't take you. Please, understand!
Elly: No, I want to go! We've been fighting together all this time! And suddenlyyou're tellingme not to go!? I just don't get it!!
Fei: This isn't like any other fight! It's a battle for the wisdom created bygod. It's life ordeath. Whoever controls it, becomes the true dominator of the worlds! It'sobvious the Ministry will bring the strongest possible troops. There is no guarantee you would comeback alive!
Elly: That's exactly why I want to go...
Fei: You don't have the slightest idea...
Elly: What don't I understand!?
Fei: If the enemy were only the Ministry or just mechanical weapons it would beokay. But mostof the enemies will be made up of what were once humans... Humans just like youand I!
Elly: !
Fei: I saw them at those facilities... Gears that were made out of humans. Theywere the sameas Hammer... Could you now destroy them after knowing this!? In order to saveourselves, canyou truly say that you could kill those who were once our friends!? So, do youstill want togo now!?
Elly: W, well...
Fei: You can't even kill one person. Your presence would be a burden during thefight.
Elly: !?
Fei: You'd just get in the way.
[Elly runs off crying.]
Bart: Hey, Fei! Don't you think you went a little too far there?
Citan: We cannot blame her. At least we should understand her feelings.
Fei: I know how Elly feels. I knew she wouldn't have listened to me if I hadjust said, 'You'renot coming!'. Seeing as she has worked together with us for such a long timeand all... That'swhy I had to explain to her like that... The people gathered in Nisan needElly. She's gottarealize how much people are depending on her. I can't put her in a dangeroussituation...
Margie: But the way you said it was a little harsh.
Billy: You didn't have to be so cold. She was crying, you know?
Fei: But...
Citan: I am sure she realizes that.
Bart: I agree. Maybe you are the one who doesn't understand?
Fei: Me...? I don't understand?
Margie: A lady's... heart...?
Billy: She wants to go, to be with you, Fei... Until the end...
Margie: Yeah.
Bart: If I were you... I'd hold her tight and say... 'Let's go together!'...Just like that!
Margie: Really?
Bart: Um...no...I mean... errh...
Maison: Young master, don't overdo yourself now...
Bart: Ah, shut up! Anyhow, why don't you go ask her to come with you? Whethershe'll go or not,you should express your feelings in words. If you really care about her, youhave to go tellher.
Citan: Express your feelings... right?
Fei: I, I didn't mean...!
Bart: Too late now. Everyone knows it.
Citan: You are not being true to yourself, are you?
Margie: I agree.
Emeralda: Fei... say it... straight out...
Margie: Go ahead... Go chase after her! What are you waiting for?
[Fei walks into the room where Elly is.]
Fei: Ah... sorry about what just happened... Forgive me... But, I want toexplain... Now forthe first time, people, on both earth and Solaris, are becoming one. But then,not all of themare strong like the crew of this ship, or those people in Shevat. Even wealmost lose sight ofour future at times... so you can imagine what regular people go through.That's why peopleneed someone like you to depend on... As a light to guide us. You freed thehearts of thepeople that have been used as tools by that Ministry for hundreds of years.Elly, it was you!And now your body doesn't just belong to you alone anymore. That's why I can'tlet you be inany danger. And that's why I don't want you to fight anymore.
Elly: ...It's funny, isn't it?
Fei: Huh?
Elly: We used to be enemies but now we're together like this... In thebeginning... I think Isaw myself in you. We seemed to overlap... You being in a similar situation asI was in. WhenI was with you, I didn't feel alone or apprehensive. That's why I thought Iliked you... Butit wasn't that. I simply didn't have the courage to look at my true self. Iturned to you torun away from it all... I mistook that for love. But, it's different now. I canface my ownproblems. I am me... and you are you. It has all become clear to me now. I alsolearned thatI really do need you... It's not because I need you as a sanctuary for myproblems. I need youbecause I truly love you.
Fei: Elly...
Elly: I know what you're saying, Fei. I know why you're so concerned for mysafety... But youknow, I'm... scared. I fear we may never see each other again... I just havethis feeling.
Fei: Don't worry, I won't die.
Elly: No, it's not that... It's something completely different... It's as if I'mbeing tornapart by something I can't resist... That I'm no longer me... Even if you comeback safely...It still... It just feels so uneasy... That is why I need to go with you. Ican't bear to beaway from you.
Fei: I feel the same way... Ever since that time I met you in the forest... Ithink it's thesame feeling that you've been having... I was also running to you. But I haveto solve my ownproblems. I can't throw my problems onto you. There is another me... 'Id' iswithin me. I fearthat at any moment Id may awaken within me. You're the only one that has beenable to keep mefrom giving into Id. It was because you were always by my side that I was stillable to keepfrom losing myself.
[Fei walks up to Elly.]
Fei: I promise you that I will return. So... that is... Elly, I want you to bemy reason toreturn... To be my home that I can return to... Elly, if you will wait for meto come back...even if we are in totally different places... As long as you will stay by myside... I knowI'll be able to do anything...
Elly: Oh Fei...
[Elly and Fei kiss.]
[The next morning, Fei gets up and gets dressed. As he moves towards the door,Elly says...]
Elly: Are you going now?
Fei: Yeah, sorry. Did I wake you?
Elly: It's okay. I've been watching you all along...
Fei: All along?
Elly: Uh-huh. I was watching over you while you slept... And before I realizedit, it wasmorning...
Fei: ... W, well, I'm off.
Elly: Alright then... Do be careful...
Fei: Yeah, I will... Oh! Could you hold on to this for me?
Elly: What is this? Is this a ...pendant?
Fei: I don't know whose it is. It seems it was on me when I was brought intoLahan. It may benothing... or it could be...
Elly: It could be...?
Fei: Oh, nothing... Will you just hold on to it for me?
Elly: Alright. I'll hold on to it for you.
Fei: Thanks. ...Well, I guess it's goodbye!
Elly: Oh... Fei.
Fei: Yeah?
Elly: Thank you...
[Fei leaves.]
[Later that day, Margie and Elly talk on the bridge in Nisan.]
Margie: Elly. Are you okay about this? Don't you want to be with him?
Elly: Yes, but it's because I believe in him. Just being close to a person isnot in itself anindication of love, is it?
Margie: But... Men are selfish... When something big happens, they say... 'It'stoo dangerous...You can't come!' They treat women like we are weaklings. Although it is true Ican't helpBart and friends much anymore...
Elly: That's not true. Everyone, wants someone special waiting for them. Someonewho willprotect a place they can return to. If you don't have that peace of mind, thenyou would notbe able to get anything done... Men try to fight it out as much as they can andthen some...They're cute when they do that, aren't they?
Margie: Yeah, you're right...
Elly: Anyway, we have things we have to do too, now. And, while we do them,let's prey thateveryone comes back safely.
Margie: To god?
Elly: No... to your own innermost feelings that everyone believed in... What'swrong?
Margie: I knew it... Yes, that must be it!
Elly: What?
Margie: Elly, it's like everyone says! You must be a reincarnation of Sophia!You have no wayof knowing the Nisan Sect's teachings, but what you say... ...well, it'sexactly the same aswhat Sophia always said.
Elly: Yes... that must be it. The first time I visited here I had the mostfamiliar feeling.Familiar... Sad... Like I had visited here many times in my dreams... I knowwhere each roomis and what's in them. I just know I must have been here in the distant past...Before, if youhad spoken of this I'd have brushed it off with a laugh. But now... Now, I canmore or lessbelieve it. The things I couldn't do then... I'm probably trying to do now...
Margie: Things you couldn't do...?
Elly: ...Yes. Things I couldn't do...
[The Yggdrasil heads towards Mahanon, the wreckage of a giant spaceship. Theword 'Eldridge'can be clearly seen on the side.]
Fei: Driving back the Solarian interceptor forces, we took to the floatingcontinent, Mahanon.It was the central hull of a colossal spacecraft with a diameter of at least 40kelts. Judgindfrom the condition of the hull, we estimated the ship was thousands of yearsold.
[They go in the control room.]
Fei: It was determined, by examining the wreckage, that some kind of accidentoccured on thisship about 10,000 years ago ...which forced it to crash on our planet. Alienbeings that cameto our planet from a far off galaxy, aeons ago... Could it possibly have beenthat ourancestors were the passengers of this ship and had crash landed here on thisplanet...Seeking god and his divine wisdom... 'Razael's Tree'... which, it is said, liehere inMahanon, we proceeded further.
[They see a giant tube with a rotting turtle like creature.]
Fei: In the depths we saw an alien form. It was partially rotted andpetrified... a giantgrotesque being... 'It' gave off an inexplicable air of intimidation. Perhapsit was morethan a gut reaction. Perhaps it was the fear of the 'Absolute' that came fromthe very depthsof our inherited instincts...
[The creature breaks out. They kill it.]
Fei: That... was the ultimate power?
Fei: The partially rotted thing eventually self-disintegrated. We proceeded evenfurther...
[The Gears enter a room with 2 gigantic memory cube like objects. A smalllevitating ramp isnearby.]
Fei: We came to an enormous cavern that was big enough to swallow the wholecapital of Aveh.In the center were two gently glowing objects. It was the source of divinewisdom.. It was'Razael's Tree'. And the cavern itself was a giant computer called Razael.
[Citan goes on the ramp and it rises. He turns on a computer, which shows ahologram likescreen with info on it.]
Fei: The wisdom of god, hidden within Razael... We found the unthinkable when weaccessed itsdata. A large unmanned strategic weapon and its battalion of terminal interfaceweapons,travelling from star system to star system. And a gargantuan mothership used tocarry them...The creation of the -Malahk- angel... God's army to reign over the vastuniverse with... Andthe construction of a divine ark... These weapons were called, 'Yabeh', theinter-planetaryinvasion weapon system. What the Gazel Ministry was pursuing was right here.According to thedata, the giant rotting organism we just defeated was in fact the nucleus ofthis system. Wewere on the verge of accessing the data for the object called... 'Zohar' ...Thecentral neuralcircuit and power source controlling the entire system, from the weapons to themothership...when suddenly, 'HE' appeared.
[A mass amount of Gears enter the room. They are led by Krelian and Grahf.]
Krelian: Ah, the hidden data from Razael's Tree... Move away from there. Thismatter is tooweighty for the likes of you.
Fei: We must protect it with our lives! We can't let them have the Razael data!
Citan: You handle them! I will try and extract as much data as I am able to! Ifanything goeswrong... I will destroy this place!
[Grahf in his omnigear, Alpha Weltall, easily defeats the party.]
Fei: Uhhhh...
[Grahf gets out of his Gear and goes up to Fei.]
Grahf: I guess that's all you can take for now. Are you frustrated? But thatis...'only natural'. After all, you are imperfect.
Fei: Imperfect!?
Grahf: Yes. You are lacking now. The absence of wrath is an impediment to youutilizing yourtrue strength!
Fei: W, wrath...?
Grahf: The drive to massacre and annihilate, the compulsion to destroy youropponent... Suchwrath is power for the soul! By eliminating your foe, you attain your firstsublimation ofthat drive. It is this very sublimation that draws out the hidden powers withinoneself! But,clinging to reason... ...suppressing your wrath and desire, makes releasingyour true power adream within a dream for you. You already know this... When wrath appeared inyour heart, themachine responded, did it not? What drew out such power from your machine wastruly the driveof your soul... It was your 'Id'. The sign of the purpose you've beenseeking... The mark of anatural born assassin!
Fei: You're wrong! That's absolutely untrue! I, I am not 'Id'! I...
Grahf: The time has come... I'll take your soul, and draw its power out to thelimit!
Krelian: Enough!
[Krelian and Miang dressed as the Executioner approach Grahf and Fei.]
Grahf: Huh? What are you stopping me for!?
Krelian: He is bait. If you kill the bait, the precious bird we wish to capturewill fly away.You know... a very important bird... 'needed to fulfill my earnest desire'...You understand,don't you, Lacan...?
Grahf: ... Suit yourself.
[Grahf leaves.]
Krelian: We shall crucify them. In the land of Golgoda, to the west of here.Collect all thebroken Gears!
[Meanwhile, Elly helps mutants in Nisan...]
Elly: When Fei and the others arrived at the deepest part of Mahanon, I waslooking after thenewly mutating people in Nisan... People mutating, one after the other... Likesome eternalnightmare that made me wonder just how long we would have to keep on nursingthem.
Margie: Are you okay? You haven't had any rest, have you? I can handle things onmy own for awhile. Why don't you go out for a walk?
Elly: Thank you. But I'll be alright. I'd rather keep busy, so that I won'tworry about thingstoo much.
Margie: Is that it? Hey! Elly, what's that?
Elly: This?
Margie: Can I see it? Just as I thought. It's the Pendant of Nisan. But, why doyou have it,Elly?
Elly: It's Fei's. I'm holding on to it for him... But... It feels as if I havealways wornit...
Margie: Hmm... When you wear that, you look even more like Sophia!
Elly: Really? Hmm... Flattery won't get you anything, you know? Anyway, we needto hurry up andtest the new mutation suppresant assemblers on those other people there. Wecan't afford tohave them change any further. Ah!
[Suddenly, the pendant falls and breaks on the ground.]
Elly: Oh no... Something has happened to Fei and the others!
[Elly runs out as fast as she can.]
[Elly sits in the chair and narrates...]
Elly: Overcome by indescribable fear, I decided to ascend to Shevat which wasstationed in theskies above Nisan. Awaiting me there was a transmission from Krelian... He toldme that if Iwanted to save Fei and the others, I would have to come to Golgoda. Krelianwanted me. Inorder to save Fei and my other friends, I departed in the last Omnigear leftremaining inShevat. My previous fear of riding in this machine was surmounted by my desireto rescue thepeople dear to me.
[Elly is approached by her former troops on the way to the Gear dock.]
Renk: Are you serious about going it alone!?
Elly: Krelian told me to come by myself. I can't afford to break the agreement.So, please,stay behind and protect everyone here.
Helmholz: But, it's a trap!
Elly: I know.
Stratski: Then why!?
Elly: If I do not go, Fei and them will be executed for sure.... Krelian isn'tconcerned withanyone else but me.
Renk: So what makes you think he's going to hold his part of the bargin? Do youhave any wayof knowing that you will definately save your friends by doing this?
Elly: No...
Vance: Then it's suicide!
Elly: It might be. But, I've made it this far because of Fei and the others...Because theyaccepted me as their friend.
Renk: If you go away... what about us...? What about all the people who haveassembled in Nisanthat you leave behind? Everyone's depending on you for their spiritual support.
Elly: The people in Nisan will be fine. They can stand on their own feet withoutany supportfrom me... This is also true of you all, right?
Broyer: But why do you do so much for him...?
Elly: I don't know... I guess it's a woman's prerogative to be selfish...perhaps.
Helmholz: A woman's prerogative...?
Elly: I'm not a holy woman of any sort. I'm just a regular woman. I get angry...I cry... Ilaugh... Although at times I can resent others, I also know how to loveothers... Loving wholemasses of people at times... and loving just one person the rest of the time...I am insupreme bliss when I am embraced by the man that I love. Giving what I have tohim, andreceiving what he gives to me, we become one flesh... That is the moment when Iam most atpiece. It is my prerogative as a woman to simply want to save the man that Ilove!
Vance: Boss...
Elly: I'm sorry ... for saying such selfish things... I'll go and do all that Ican do for myfriends. So I want you all to do whatever it is you can do for our friendshere.
Renk: ...
Elly: Well, I had better get going now...
[Elly pilots El-Regrs to Golgoda. There she finds all her friends Gears oncrucifixes. Shewalks up to Krelian in Miang, who are in their Omnigears, Amphysvena andOpiomorph.]
Citan: Elly!?
Fei: You idiot! Why did you come here!? Krelian's after you! Forget about us!Run and saveyourself!!
Elly: I came as I was told. I'm the only one you need... They have nothing to dowith this. Solet Fei and the others go!
Krelian: How gallant you are, Elhaym. It's as if 'that scene from the past hasbeen broughtback to life in the present'. So, you came in an Omnigear. That to is... 'herGear' ...Hmm...Allow me to confirm something.
[2 men in Executioner Gowns appear.]
Krelian: I'll consider what kind of treatment your friends will receive... onone condition!...That you first defeat these two men here with that Gear you came in... Howabout it, Elhaym?
Fei: Forget it, Elly! He's up to something! Don't accept it!
Citan: Fei is right! Krelian is not a man of his word... And he always hasulterior motiveswhen he sweet talks someone! What's more, those men are fighting machinescreated by Krelian.Their combat skills are inmeasureable! They are not opponents you can handle byyourself! Donot take him up on his offer! Escape while you can!!
Krelian: My my... Such harsh criticism. I am not that brutal. So, what will itbe Elhaym? Evenif you were to try to flee now, it is not likely you would be able to... Yousee... I havethis whole area surrounded by my guards! Wouldn't it be logical to take thechoice where youmay still stand a chance... ...No matter how slight it may be?
Fei: Don't do it, Elly!
Elly: Alright then... I'll do what you say.
Krelian: Good. You are indeed my precious little bird. Now, get on with it!
[Elly is approached by two Gears, one is the one met in Sargasso. The other isa green birdlike Gear.]
Elly: If it gives Fei and them even the slightest chance of escape... Then Iwill fight! Idon't care if it even costs me my life!! They're too fast!!
[The Gears attack her.]
Elly: Outmatched... Even in my Omnigear... But... I can't just... No... not likethis... Ican't lose!!
[She attacks one of them.]
Elly: M, must... somehow... stop... movement...
[She attacks one of the Gears. It topples over.]
Elly: Did I do it?
[The Gear gets up.]
Elly: H, how could that...!? I thought it had some sort of effect...
Mugwort: Girl, that hurt! I'll get you back! It was wrong of you tounderestimate our power!
[They attack Elly. She falls over.]
Elly: Gaah...
[Elly gets up, she is very weak.]
Elly: Guh...! ...Huff... Huff...
Rattan: Hmm, I'm getting no results. It can't be helped, Mugwort. It's abouttime to finishthe job.
[Mugwort attacks Elly. Rattan follows.]
Rattan: Gahahahahaha! Downed yete!? It's to be expected. Multiple fractures,major bloodloss... I wouldn't be surprised if the cockpit is a sea of blood, at worstdeath! Gah hahhah hah!!
[El-Regrs gets up.]
Mugwort: What the...!? There's no way you could stand after taking that muchdamage...
[Elly attacks Mugwort and it blows up.]
Rattan: M, Mugwort!? Why you! How dare you do that to my partner!
[Elly attacks Rattan and destroys him too. Weakened, she falls as well.]
Fei: No way...! Elly...!
Krelian: Her true awakening...? Or just merely... 'protecting her master'...?Either way, itdoes not alter the fact that she is the -Mother- existence that I have beensearching for!Now men... recover that machine. Place priority on the safety of the pilot. Dowhatever ittakes to preserve her life! Well then, I shall be taking this girl with me! Asfor the restof you... Why don't you just wallow there pathetically while you meditate onyour own lack ofany real power.
[He leaves.]
[Grahf appears and approaches Fei.]
Grahf: Pitiful... You can't even protect a single woman. It is not even worththe effort ofputting a spineless wretch like you out of your misery!
[Grahf leaves.]
[Fei sits in the chair...]
Fei: Elly was taken away... And, as Krelian had told her, we were left alive...Was Krelianjust keeping his promise... No, that can't be it... There had to be another'real' reason whyhe allowed us to live... And we had to find out...
[On the Ezekiel...]
Gazel Blue 1: The fleshly body of god has been recovered...
Gazel Red 3: The Anima and Animus have all been obtained...
Gazel Blue 4: All that is left for us to do is change into the Animus, andbecome one with themother -Persona-...
Krelian: ...That is incorrect.
Gazel Blue 3: What? What do you mean, Krelian? What did you just say?
[Krelain pulls out a small remote and pushes some buttons on it. The SOL-9000slows down, andcomputer chips slowly slide out of it.]
Gazel Blue 2: What are you doing!? Krelian, have you gone totally insane!?
Gazel Red 2: What are you doing to the memory banks?
Gazel Red 3: Do not touch them! We cannot survive without the...!
[He is erased from existence.]
Krelian: You were the only ones who could have activated the key... But now thatit has beenactivated, I no longer need you. I am having you all erased.
Gazel Red 2: How dare you!
Krelian: The only obstacle that kept me from my goals was Cain. He was the oneperson who hadtotal control of the people and thus was my greatest nemesis. But the onlyperson who couldterminate Cain was Cain himself. That's why I created... 'a copy of Cain'.Ramsus actedexactly as I predicted... killing Cain. Now, there is no one who can stop 'me'.And I'm notinterested in your power of authority. Did you really think you were acting onyour own freewill? You are all just parts of the system. Created only as weapons of invasionandoppression... You are just terminal interface weapons.
Gazel Blue 1: We... can... become... god! And... you're...
Krelian: God? Who said you'd be god? What impertinence! We are 'humans' We werecreated to beterminal interfaces of god. It is the same for you, who were once humans. 'Mancannot becomegod'. ...We can only entrust ourselves to god.
Gazel Blue 1: Ri... diculous... Going... a... against the ... Mother...
Krelian: I have not gone against her. This is the will of the 'other mother'.
Gazel Blue 1: You... think... you... can... elim...inate...us... and ...still...... revive...god...?
Krelian: It can be done. Your genes were scattered in order to keep the worldalive after the'Fall' in the days of destruction. Those genes live on today within the humans.The -Anima-vessels... annd the recipients of their alignment, the -Animus-... and also the-Persona-...By combining these with my nanomachines, humans will become living beings verymuch theequivalent of you. Actually, they may far surpass you in becoming terminalinterfaces for god.So you are no longer of any use to me. -Deus-, the physical manifestation ofgod, only wantsresults... THe means are insignificant to him... So this is my 'Ark Plan'... My-Project Noah-!
Gazel Blue 1: K... re... li...
[With that, the last remains of the Gazel Ministry is erased.]
Krelian: May all your worries cease. Rest in peace... ancestors of mortal man!Now, it is justyou and I... Sophia!
[Fei sits in the chair...]
Fei: I was powerless... All I could do was stand by and watch as they took Ellyaway from me...I ...am powerless...
[Fei sits in shame. Wiseman approachs him.]
Wiseman: What are you doing there?
Fei: Oh, it's you... I... I wasn't able to beat Grahf... I didn't stand a chanceagainst him...It was obvious from the start. It was impossible to try and defeat a monstermachine like thatto begin with... And... Elly... Why was she so damn foolish? I implicitly toldher not tocome... I told her to run away... She had to have known it was a trap.
Wiseman: ...Hmm... Yes, you won't be able to defeat him like that... As long asyou continuefighting with that kind of attitude, that is.
Fei: ...?
Wiseman: The reason you lost and that young lady was taken was because of yourpride. Weren'tyou depending far too much on the power of your machine? ...Not to mention thatnew 'Id Power'you're now able to control! What is Grahf's source of power? His machine? Histechnique? Hisexperience? I do not think so... It is his feelings. His heart, his feelings,are dominated byhis resentment and his hatred of this world. That hatred is his source ofpower. Your feelingsweren't focused enough to fight off Grahf. That is why you could not win. Yourfeelings mustbe in the right place. That is strength. I'm not surprised you lost......seeing as you do notunderstand the true meaning of strength...
Fei: Wiseman...
Wiseman: That young lady... The only thing in her heart was her desire to saveyou all. She setaside her fear and piloted that machine. It was because she had such strongfeelings that youare all still alive... That is what I think. Of course you have been defeated.However, thatdoesn't mean it's over. How do you plan on responding to her feelings? It isnow your turn tosave her... is it not?
Fei: ...
Wiseman: Well, what are you going to do? ...Fei...
Fei: I, errh... I'm going to...
[Fei sits in the chair. Behind him is a pic of a giant circular fortress.]
Fei: In order to save Elly, we began to search desperately for herwhereabouts... And two weekslater, we found her. Using the data obtained from Razael and his ownnanomachine technology,Krelian had begun the construction of god's ark 'Merkava'. Its completion wasimminent. Toprevent its activation, and to rescue Elly... we headed for Merkava!
[On the way they confront the elements.]
Fei: You again...? Are you girls thinking of going in there too?
Dominia: Don't get any wrong ideas there. We are here to help our commander.Miang and Krelianhave been manipulating his emotions for the sole purpose of eliminating theEmperor. We simplywant to free the commander from those bonds so that he may be saved! It'sneither for the sakeof the world ...nor for the sake of your girlfriend, Elhaym! We have nointentions of fightingon the same side as you!
Fei: ...Fine. You have your own battles to fight. And we have ours... Let'sleave it at that.But... if things get out of hand, you head back. We'll handle it.
Dominia: Hmph... We'll make you eat those words... You wait and see!
[A picture of a blue Gear appears.]
Fei: We entered inside of Merkava, while fighting back units of weapons thatself-regeneratedthrough the use of nanomachines, we headed for the central core... And then...once again,Ramsus appeared before us.
[Citan, Fei and Maria head down a hall in Merkava. Suddenly, they reach a smallroom and heara familiar voice.]
Ramsus: I've been waiting for you, Fei!!
Fei: Ramsus!?
[Ramsus stands on a balcony about 500 feet above them. He is in a powerfullooking blue Gear.]
Ramsus: Fei... If only you hadn't been born... I... I... We're going to settlethis now!!
Fei: Stop it, Ramsus! What reason is there to continue fighting me!? Who are youfighting for!?Why do you always have a bone to pick with me!? Tell me why!
Ramsus: It is all because of you... If only you hadn't come in and destroyed myprospects inlife...
[He flashes back 15 years before...]
Ramsus: My life... was given to me within a Nanoreactor in Krelian's laboratory.To be born asthe superior being, above all humans... But then...
[Krelian stands in his lab, staring at a fetus in a large tube. He turns aroundwhen a youngblack haired lady approaches him.]
Krelian: Hmm... 'This time' your body is young.
Woman: ...The previous one got too old.
Krelian: ...And the name?
Woman: Karen... but individual names have no meaning to me.
Krelian: So... What brings you here?
[She walks up to the tube.]
Karen: Is that thing inside the Nanoreactor there... the one?
Krelian: Huh? Oh... Recognition code 0808191-'Ramses'. The Emperor's been toldit's a prototypefor an artificial 'Contact'.
Karen: What's its status?
Krelian: It has entered the so-called first growth stage. From now until thebinding, itsgrowth will be several times faster than that of an ordinary human. But itspsychologicaldevelopment will be a little difficult to control... It is a replica... so thatis to beexpected.
Karen: It is moving... Can it hear us?
Krelian: Yes... It already has a will of its own.
Karen: Then... I have a better way... Let us dispose of it. We do not needthis... We have mychild. My child will be 4 this year.
Krelian: Your having a child is... Significant?
Karen: Yes... I checked it out... There is no mistake, it's a contact.
Krelian: What's its name?
Karen: My child's name is... 'Fei'. So... you understand what this means?
Krelian: A corresponding 'Antitype' is...
Karen: Yes... probably already born somewhere. ...The final one!
Krelian: Then ... this thing is... worthless.
Karen: Yes, totally useless. Haha...
[She stares at the fetus.]
Karen: Chase after it, 'boy'. A love that's unattainable for you, no matter howhard you tryto pursue it.
Ramsus: Until then...
[The flashback ends.]
Ramsus: Because of your existence, I was discarded...! I was detemined to be therepresentativeof god... Having the might of the Emperor. I was destined to be the ultimateexistence, havingthe power to exercise absolute control over all! But... I lost it all...because of you!!
Fei: M, my mother...? How... do you know her...? Ramsus...!
[Suddenly, Dominia appears in Bladegash from another entrance.]
Dominia: Commander! Please stop this! Commander, if what you say is true, thenthat is evenmore of a reason to fight! You were just used by Krelian and...
Ramsus: Silence!! You... even you... dare to censure me!? I saved you fromnearly becoming atest subject and now you turn on me!?
Dominia: You are mistaken! We are only thinking of your best interests...
Ramsus: Silence! Ultimately, only I can help myself! I am the only one that cancorrect this!This is the end for you!! En garde! Cause, here I come, Fei!!
[Ramsus jumps off the platform and attacks. He is defeated, and his Gear fallsinto the wall,creating a passageway into a lab.]
Ramsus: Guaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!
Fei: What's this...?
[They enter the laboratory.]
Fei: What is this place?
Voice: This is where Kahr was born. And where his hatred of you was forged...
Fei: Who's there!?
[They continue on and reach a gigantic room. Elly is hanging on a crucifix,while Krelian andMiang stand in front of it. A gigantic organic orb like creature with multipleeyes is behindthem. It is Deus.]
Fei: What's this...?
[They get out of their Gears and walk up to them.]
Fei: Elly!!
Krelian: I would have liked to have been able to commend you for making ithere... But yourefforts were all in vain. The resurrection of Deus is imminent. Sacrificingthis girl willbring about the awakening of god.
Fei: Who are you talking about!? Why does Elly have to be sacrificed!?
Krelian: There's no need for you to know. For all of you, it will end here...
[Suddenly, a gigantic Gear with wings and a snake tail appears from near Deus.It is theomnigear seen in Solaris, and is piloted by Miang.]
Fei: Ah?
Miang: ...Hehem... Adieu, boys...
[They defeat Opiomorph. The Gear falls.]
Miang: My, aren't we powerful...
[It gets up, seemingly undamaged.]
Miang: Heh... Well then... let's start over from the beginning again. You thinkyou can beat methis time?
Fei: What the...!? I thought I defeated you...!?
Krelian: Unless you can decompose her atomic structure, you don't stand much ofa chance.Normal attacks are futile against the one who has the ability to regenerateusing nanomachines.
Miang: Now, the time has come for the great awakening!
[Suddenly, a light flashes from Deus.]
Maria: Uh...!! What's this...!?
Citan: It is our... Omnigears!?
Fei: Damn, what's going on!? Huh!? Hey... Is that...!?
[Deus sucks up all the Anima Relics.]
Fei: Our Omnigears...? No, that's not it!! Is that... our Anima Relics!?
Citan: Is it trying to detach the Anima Relics from our Omnigears!?
Fei: Deus is... swallowing up our Anima Relics!?
Citan: ... It seems the Anima Relics have fallen into the hands of the enemy.
Miang: This is the true meaning of the -Anima Relics-... To attain theirrespective -Animus-and return to the persona. The Anima Relics are really one set of parts thatmake up -Deus-,the physical manifestation of god. They regain their original powers orfunctions by aligningthemselves with their destined partner... An Omnigear that has lost itsrespective Anima Relic,is but a puppet. It becomes a mere vessel or container in which there is nocontents.
Krelian: And this girl too was destined to become one with god... You see...Lieutenant Elhaymis really one of the parts of god as well...
Fei: What the hell are you talking about!?
Krelian: Put simply, you served to help bring all the parts of god together,here, for me.You're a bunch of stupid fools. It's as if you're all clowns...
Miang: You believed the legend of how our world and the universe was created...But theMinistry and I fabricated that very myth a long time ago to suit our purposes.
Fei: That's a lie!! How can that be true...?
Miang: I think you'll find that your friends' Omnigears are all dead too... I'mtalking aboutyour friends who split up and took a different path than you into this place...They were allparts of god that were disassembled in the past, but once again, are allgathered here.
Krelian: Yes. It is inded time for the resurrection of god.
Voice: W, what was it all for... Everything that I have done up until now...
[Ramsus steps up to Miang.]
Fei: Ramsus!?
Krelian: Hmph... It's just you...
Miang;What are you doing here, Kahr?
Ramsus: What about me...? My existence... What was its purpose?
Miang: There was only one purpose to your existence... To eliminate EmperorCain. Cain's willhad become too much like that of humans'. He was too concerned about them. Hehad forgottenhis mission to revive god. That is why you were created. You were only made toremove our mainhindrance... Cain. But, as the original living being, Cain had absolute power.To make youturn on Cain, it was necessary to focus your mind on a single point. However,being anartificial lifeform, you were mentally unstable. That is why... we used Fei'sexistence.Resentment... That is the source of your strength. And you have excelledsuperbly atfulfilling our expectations of you. But... we no longer have any more use foryou. Haven'tyou realized that yet? You're a piece of trash. And being the reject you are,why don't youjust leave? Hah hah hah.
Ramsus: I... I... What was I born for? What was I living for?
Krelian: A pathetic excuse for a life. Why, you're not even human! Khahaha...Hah hahahah...!
Miang: Now, what to do with the lot of you...Well, I can't just kill you all...seeing as youhave served me so well. So, as a reward, I'll allow you to be assimilated intoDeus along withthis girl...
[Suddenly, Ramsus pulls out his sword from his sheath and runs Miang through.]
Miang: Guhhhh....
Fei: Ramsus!
[Miang's bloody body falls to the ground.]
Miang: Good... This is how I wanted it, Kahr... I am fated so as not to be ableto killmyself... Now ...all ...my ...wishes... have... come... true. Thanks... to ...you...!
[She dies.]
Ramsus: ...Miang...
[Ramsus turns to Krelian in anger...]
Ramsus: Uh, uhaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!
[Ramsus runs up to Krelian and using his sword slashes at Krelian's chest.Krelian's dead bodyfalls to the ground. Ramsus walks up to Miang's body. He kneels and startscrying.]
[Suddely, Bart and the others show up.]
Bart: Fei, sorryy we're late. Our Omnigears broke down. Anyway, let's hurry upand save Elly!
Fei: Yes, I know!
[Fei and Billy walk up to the cross that Elly is hanging on. They start takingher down.]
Fei: Hang in there, Elly! I'm letting you down now.
[Elly falls from the cross in front of Fei and Billy. Suddenly, she swiftlygrabs a gun fromBilly's robe, and points it at Fei's stomach. She fires. Suddenly, her hairchanges from redto blue as a faint laughing can be heard. She drops the gun, and all the eyeson Deus open.]
[Fei falls.]
Fei: Gah!!
Citan: Fei! Now you hang in there!
Billy: Sh, she took my gun...!?
Bart: W, why did you do that, Elly...?
Citan: Elly!? What happened to you!? How could you!?
Bart: Don't tell me she's been... brainwashed!?
Krelian: It has nothing to do with brainwashing.
[Krelian, who was seemingly dead just moments before, gets up.]
Krelian: The majority of my body is comprised of a nanomachine colony. Not onlyfor longevity...but also to unify with the 'mother'... So don't be surprised. This kind ofdamage can berepaired rather quickly.
Citan: Unify with the mother...?
Krelian: That girl... Elhaym is our mother.
Elly: Yes. I am the mother of all humans...
Fei: Elly...!?
Bart: What are you babbling on about!? Snap out of it, Elly!!
Elly: You're as dense as usual... But, I don't blame you... So be it. I willexplain to youall about it. This Deus, the one you call god, is an 'interplanetary invasionsystem' thatwas built in ancient times by humans from another planet. 
It was created as anautomaticweapon which could act upon its own will to take control of a targeted planet.But youshould've known that from looking at the Razael records.
Anyway, during a testrun, Deusbecame uncontrollable. It released its power and annihilated a whole planet.The creatorsof 'Deus' found its immeasureable power to be too much of a threat and hence forcibly shut it down. 
In order to analyze the cause of the problem, its core was dismantledand placedon an inter-planetary emigrant passenger ship to be transported to anotherplanet. 
Becoming aware of this, the dissassembled Deus resisted. It tried to take over thepassenger ship thatwas transporting it. However, as a last line of defense against the escape of Deus, its creators, unexpectedly destroyed teh whole ship, sending it crashing to this planet. 
Deus knewthat it would not be able to get away from the explosion or the imminent impactand so itdetached itself from the 'Zohar' power reactor.
Fei: Zohar...?
Elly: Yes, 'Zohar'... It is what drives all of the Gears on this planet. It isthe mastergenerator that transmits its energy to the slave generators in our Gears. It isalso thesource of all the Ether power that the inhabitants of this planet utilize. Byutilizing theenergy displacements caused by actualizing potential future phenomenon......this 'ZoharModifier' has the ability to produce infinite amounts of energy.
Bart: The source of all our Ether power!?
Citan: Are you saying all our energy comes from that one power reactor orengine?
Elly: Yes, but there is more... The core that was detached from Zohar, the'Biological ComputerKadomony' crashed onto this primitive planet. It activated -Persona-, its lifesupport plant,that can generate organic material. Using this it would be resurrected. Thus,the first humanswere created from there... Emperor Cain and the elders of the Gazel Ministry.
Rico: Are you saying the Emperor and them Gazel geezers were people born fromDeus!?
Elly: Do you know why the Gazel Ministry desired the Anima Relics and yourbodies? Well, here'sthe reason... Before becoming human, the bodies of the Ministry were once partof the organicelements in the core circuit that made up 'Deus'. There were two types oforganic elements.The female type was called 'Anima', while the male type was called 'Animus'.
They were alsocreated with the added ability to become mobile weapons for Deus. In otherwords, thoseOmnigears you were using were one form of such weapons. The Ministry, whichwere Animus, wereto become one again with their seperated Anima at the time of the resurrectionof god. Butin a war, 500 years ago, they all lost their physical bodies. It was then thatthey decided toextract their own genetic factor from certain individuals of their humandescendants whocarried the appropriate sets of D.N.A.. All so each of them could become onewith theirrespective Animus again.
Maria: Descendants!?
Bart: Then we're all...!?
Elly: Yes, you humans are all descendants of Cain and the Gazel Ministry... Theywere born fromthe -Persona-, gave birth, and propagated. They followed their inbuilt programto somedayresurrect the heavily damaged Deus.
Citan: All the people in the worlds were created solely to resurrect Deus!?
Elly: Yes. But it wasn't just to restore its old body. More than half of Deus isconstructed ofbiological parts. Do you remember those mutated humans? Those are all peoplewho were destinedto become replacement parts for Deus.
Billy: We humans are... parts for god...
Elly: Yes, almost all the people are destined to become parts for Deus. But youpeople gatheredhere are all different. You could say... you escaped that destiny by existingthrough multiplegenerations.. In actuality, there wasn't enough parts for Deus... 
But, Kreliancompensated forwhat was lacking. The reduction in the number of parts, was due to humansliving throughmultiple generations... but that defeciency in the human factor, was made upfor by thenanomachines created by Krelian. Not only that, but his nanomachines addedadditionalfunctions. Deus has evolved into the ultimate weapon.
Fei: Elly... What has happened...? Why... do you know all... that...?
Elly: I am Miang. The keeper of time. The representative of our god -Deus-. Iwas born toguidethe people toward the path of the resurrection of Deus.
Bart: That's ridiculous! Miang was just...
Elly: You're limited in your ability to understand. Miang's factor exists in allwomen. The onewho transcends the generations, the caretaker of humans. When the previous onedies, somewhereanother Miang is awakened. It is programmed into all women's DNA to be thatway. Who inheritsthe duty is just a matter of probability, Fei. 
That Miang over there and I arethe sameexistence. We are all parts for Deus... All caretakers of humans. Let's endthis discussionnow. Deus has been awakened. I am one of the parts that composes Deus. Hence, Imust becomeone with it.
Citan: Elly! Why did it have to be you? If Miang is a part for Deus, why did itnot happenearlier...?
Krelian: It's still not enough for her to just have awakened. Although she maybe Miang, shestill isn't the 'true Miang'.
Citan: The 'true Miang'...?
Elly: Let's go, Krelian. All that is left is to vanquish this planet'scivilization and returnit to how it was. Then I can complete my unification with the final fragment ofDeus... The'Zohar Modifier'... The power reactor that fell upon this planet and became ourgenesis, andnow, our apocylapse...
Citan: The eradication of civilization!? What is the purpose of doing that!?
Elly: Who knows...? The creations of god will someday be a hinderance. That iswhy they must beeliminated. I am just programmed to act in this way.
[Krelian starts walking away. He calls to Elly.]
Krelian: Come... It is time for the awakening of the 'true mother'.
Fei: Please... wait... Elly!
Elly: Farewell... Fei. May you have a peaceful awakening...
[She and Krelian leave.]
[Deus shakes. It detaches from the wires attached to it and escapes as soon asElly andKrelian enter it.]
Fei: Elly!
[Fei jumps in the chasm after them.]
Citan: Wait!! Fei! Do not release the system!!
Bart: Citan, wait!! We are only endangering ourselves! Let's get outta here fornow!!
[They manage to escape from Merkava just as it blasts off from the ground. Itfires at theearth, causing lots of destruction.]
[Citan sits in the chair in space. A picture of a city is behind him.]
Citan: God... the inter-planetary invasion system -Deus-... had awakened and itsark, Merkavawas activated. Deus began to absorb, one after the other, the mutated people,destined to beits parts... While the non-mutated, would eventually, only become a threat toit, toexterminate us and our civilization... it set into action.
[The picture changes to that of Seraph angels leaving Merkava.]
Citan: The planet's surface was devastated... by Merkava and the weapons bornfrom out of it,called... 'the -Seraph- angels'...
[The pic changes to hundreds of Seraphs leaving Merkava.]
[The pic changes to Fei standing next to Weltall.]
Citan: While pursuing the newly awakened Deus, we chanced upon Fei, whosewhereabouts hadhither to been lost... Along with his Gear, Weltall... Discovered together atthe place where'Merkava' was originally located... We were overjoyed by Fei's return... but itwas shortlived... For some unknown reason... Fei was found in a state of suspendedanimation.
He didnot regain consciousness.
[The pic changes to various party members watching Fei in carbonite.]
Citan: The people of Shevat, and we ourselves, feared a relapse of Fei's, no...Id's power...and had no choice but to put Fei into... 'Carbonite Freeze'.
[Citan visits Zephyr.]
Citan: ...Your Majesty, Why do the people of Shevat fear Fei so much? Even ifGrahf and Id'spower are comparable...
Zephyr: ...It is not that we fear him. We fear the error we ourselves commited.And now we aresimply trying to put a lid on it...
Citan: The error that you yourselves commited?
Zephyr: Shevat instigated a battle 500 years ago to gain our independance fromSolaris.However, we became overcome with the lust for power... Fearing the war-tornpeople's willwould no longer be with Shevat, but with the Nisan Mother... and that thepeople wouldassemble under Sophia... ...the Council of Elders of Shevat back then, made adeal withSolaris.
Citan: A deal?
Zephyr: Yes... At the time, Solaris... or the Gazel Ministry to be exact......were at oddswith a woman who held the real power behind the scenes.
Citan...Would that happen to have been Miang?
Zephyr: Most probably it was. Fearing the increasing power of the massesassembling in Nisan,the Gazel Ministry schemed to hand over to us their antagonist, Miang, andpromised a divisionof the rulership over the earth's surface. But in exchange... We had to givethem the rebelarmy that had assembled in Nisan and also their patron, Sophia... 
The leadersof Shevataccepted... ...and it was decided that Nisan would be the location of the finaldecisivebattle with Solaris.
[A pic of a battle appears behind them.]
Zephyr: Shevat did not participate in that battle... Thwarted by the awesomenumbers of theSolarian army, and with their path of retreat cut off... ...the Nisan rebelarmy ran out ofoptions and was destroyed... Caught up in the middle of all of this was Lacan,Bart's ancestorRoni, Myself... and Krelian.
Citan: You were also there?
Zephyr: Yes... Surrounded on all sides... we were prepared to die. And then, therebel forces'flagship appeared with Sophia on board. She sacrificed herself as to create apath for ourretreat... Sophia's ship headed straight for the enemy's main ship on a suicideattack.
[The ship crashes into the head Solaris ship, destroying them both.]
Zephyr: Thanks to Sophia's sacrifice, we were able to survive. However, herdeath foreverchanged the fate of two men... Krelian, who followed closely under her as theleader of theNisan sect's militia, completely lost faith after calling out to a god thatwould not respond."I will create god with my own hands!" ...were the last words he uttered before he dissappeared. And Lacan... He resented himself for not having the power to doanything as shedied in front of him... ...So he began to search for the 'Legendary Power'.
Citan: Legendary Power?
Zephyr: God's resting place, Mahanon, ...the source of divine wisdom,'Razael'... and the'Anima Relics' which were created by that very wisdom... Besides these... thereis one morelegend.
Citan: And that is?
Zephyr: 'Zohar'...
Citan: Zohar!? That has the same name as the 'Zohar Modifier'!... ...the powerreactor that Miang spoke of, saying it was the infinite energy source of god-Deus-... What she claimed is also the source of our Ether powers and thedriving force of all our Gears.
Zephyr: It would have to be one in the same thing. It is the place that containsthe ultimatesource of this world's power. It is said that only he who has the correctdestiny would beable to discover its location... Losing all faith in humanity, Lacan soughtafter its power...Lacan became Grahf... and the world collapsed... This tragedy happened becauseof the people'slust for power... I must take part of the responsibility for not having beenable to stopit... 
And now, Fei.. the one who has the same power as Grahf... We just wantedto seal up thatdreadful power that arose from our own sinful deeds...
[Citan sits in the chair...]
Citan: Grahf, the man once known as Lacan, sought out after the 'Power ofZohar'... The one whohas the same power as Grahf... Fei... I had this premonition that Fei too wouldawaken andseek out that power. And that presentment became a reality.
[In the Shevat prison were Fei is being held, his heart beats faster andlouder. Suddenly,we see Fei walking in a surreal world.]
Fei: Where... Am I? Who... Am I? This is... my memory?
[The cross appears and swings.]
[A pic of Citan appears.]
Fei: Doc...
[A pic of Bart appears.]
Fei: Bart...
[A pic of Rico appears.]
Fei: Rico...
[A pic of Billy appears.]
Fei: Wiseman...
[A pic of Wiseman appears.]
Fei: Grahf...
[A pic of Grahf appears.]
[Suddenly, other Fei's appear at the portraits.]
Fei: Everyone... My... memories.
[Elly appears.]
Fei: Elly?
[She changes into Fei's mother.]
Fei: Mother?
[The 5 Feis converge into 1 and there is a flash of light from the swingingcross. A pictureof the back of a boy's head appears. A spotlight, and another Fei, sitting downappears.]
Fei: Who are you?
Voice: I'm surprised. That's pretty clever.
[A boy walks up to Fei. Fei has seen him many times before.]
Fei: You are... Id?
Id: I misjudged you. I didn't expect you, the fake personality, would create afourth persona.
Fei: Fourth persona?
Id: He can't feel anything. He's shut up inside your ego. The pressing facts andtruths youwon't face. You're afraid of them, so you desired to completely shut yourselfoff from theoutside world. And so you formed a fourth persona. A fourth 'Fei'. The name...doesn't matter.He's the one on the stage now. He's the one in control of our body. But it is auseless formof resistance. Come with me!
[He starts dragging the other Fei away.]
Fei: Wait! What are you doing?
Id: He has the key. I merely want to borrow it. I've got to go somewhere. Areyou... coming too?
[4 men sit at a fire near a large ship.]
Roni: C'mon guys, eat up. You haven't been able to get this kinda food aroundhere lately,haveya? Well, this is also due to my business savvy.
Rene: What's wrong, Lacan? You look kinda down. What's bothering you? Are youworried aboutsomething?
Lacan: It's nothing... I'm just thinking about painting Sophia. I don't know whyI agreed todo her portrait...
Rene: Sophia... You mean your childhood friend who's now the Holy Mother ofNisan?
Lacan: She's not really a childhood friend... ...I just made her acquaintance atthe monasterynear my home when I was a child... She went to the clinic for convalescence.She was frail.
Rene: So... what are you worried about painting her for?
Lacan: She does not wish herself to become a symbol of her sect. ...Actually, itseems shewasn't interested in having her portrait painted at first. But, when she heardI wouuld bethe painter, she turned around and agree. That's what I don't undertand...
Roni: I see... Than she must like you...
Lacan: What are you talking about?
Roni: That's how women are... Right, Krelian...? Hey, Krel!
Krelian: Huh?
Rene: ...What's up? You're not having any? It's ready to eat.
Krelian: Ah, yeah...
Roni: The Holy Mother of Nisan, huh? What, are you out to offend divineprovidence or something,Lacan?
Lacan: Cut it out...! It's not... like that... Wh, what?
Roni: You've got to lighten up a little...
[Later, Krelian and Lacan walk the steets of Nisan.]
Krelian: Sophia first showed me that books are the best way to calm the heart....and now I'mhooked on reading... I'm not trying to brag... but I've learned a lot of thingsI never knewbefore. Lately, I've been reading this.
Lacan: What is it?
Krelian: Something I borrowed from Melchoir. It's about a form of molecularengineering... Ibelieve it's a book found in the ancient ruins of the Zeboim civilization. It'sa copy ofsomeone's research report, but it's incomplete. I think there were even morewonderful thingswritten in it, but we'll never know now...
[Lacan paints Sophia...]
Elly: What's wrong? You don't look so good. Lately, you've seemed melancholyalmost every day.Has something happened?
Lacan: I don't know. I just can't paint right now. Sorry, but do you mind if westop fortoday...
Elly: I see... It is not good to push yourself too hard... Why don't you rest upfor a littlewhile? I'll have Krelian take you...
[Back at the fire...]
Krelian: Even so, there was a time when I did some pretty vicious things... Ilashed out atrandom... Everyone around me feared me... Even my friends. I lived a lifesurrounded by peoplewho lookded at me with fear in their eyes. But she was the only one who wasn'tafraid of me.She would just smile. Peace of mind... She was the one who taught me what thatwas and howI could receive it... She taught me how to live as a human...
[In the Cathedral room, Lacan puts away his paints. Krelian and Roni enter.]
Krelian: What are you doing Lacan?
Lacan: Oh it's you, Krelian... I was thinking... I'd stop painting theportrait...
Krelian: Why stop now...?
Lacan: It's the circumstances. I shouldn't be painting at a time like this.Eventually, shetoo must stand at the front lines. So...
Krelian: Is that really the problem?
Lacan: ...
Krelian: Lacan...?
Lacan: ... Her smile... It's killing me. The more she smiles at me, the moreI... I feel my very being become insignificant. Inside my heart there is this empty existence.Other thanpainting, I have no worth... Yet, she continues to accept my presence. I feellike I'm gettingsmaller and smaller. I didn't have this feelign in the beginning. I just wantedto paint herone more minute... one more second longer... I wanted to keep on paintingforever. But,suddenly I couldn't. As the picture neared completion, the empty part of mestarted tomanifest itself in my brushstokes. I was meant to be painting her as she reallyis... but ...this picture is... my own self... My empty self has begun to appear withinthere. That'swhy... I've got to stop now.
Krelian: Your won self...? You're just running away! You can't bear it when shesmiles at you.By painting her portrait, you noticed the gap between your own inner emptinessand her innerabundance. And you could not fill that gap... That's why you are quiting yourpainting. Youare refusing her! Even so, you still can't bring yourself to leave her, canyou? In spite ofthat... why is it that she continues to smile at you? You who can't accept herfeelings... Youwho won't accept her feelings... Tell me why!? If it was me... who wasreceiving... suchfeelings...
[He flashes back to a scene from before when he was talking to Sophia.]
Krelian: You're neglecting yourself too much! Why aren't you kinder to yourself,Mistress?
[Lacan watches from afar]
[The flashback ends.]
Roni: ...Is this really her true expression?
Lacan: Yeah... To people who don't know her that well... I guess...
Roni: Her smile... I don't know... The smile in this picture is somehowdifferent from the oneshe usually shows us. I realize Lacan's feelings are in there, but... I don'tthink she hasever opened herself up and shown her inner self to others like this before.You've beenpainting such a beautiful expression of Sophia... I just can't see the reasonwhy you wantto stop.
Lacan: Beautiful...? Forget it, this picture...!? It's anything but beautiful...
Roni: Lacan, you say you're empty. Then why do you come along with us? Whatwe've been doingup till now, are not just acts of mercy... It's a fight for freedom... Time andagain you'vebeen through life threatening situations with us... A man who has nothing inhis heart couldnot do that kind of thing... right?
Lacan: Roni, you're giving me too much credit. As long as you do something tokeep yourselfoccupied... you can ignore the hollowness inside. From the beginning, my veryexistence itselfwas an emptiness. It wouldn't matter if I were to die right now... You live,you die... That'sall...
Roni: Pessimistic as usual, Lacan... And now you're lying.
Lacan: ...
Roni;It is just that you're not good at expressing your own feelings. You'renot empty. Sheknows that. That's why she shows you only her true smile.
Lacan: I don't deserve to see her true smile. She is this hope of the people.Their support.Their is so much more for her to do. Why would she open her heart to a mereartist like me...
[Rene and Zephyr come in.]
Rene: Bro! Br~o! Hey, bro... what are you doing here?
Roni: What's up?
Zephyr: The Council of Elders of Shevat issued a declaration. Tomorrow we willleave forSoylent.
Roni: Soylent? That's in Solaris...
Rene: Yes. And... Sophia will be coming with us.
Krelian: That's ridiculous! The refugees are still increasing! We can't affordto have Sophialeave Nisan! And going to Soylent! That's plain foolish! That's too dangerous!What are theelders thinking?
Zephyr: No. It wasn't the council's wish. It was Sophia's will. It appears thatshe expressedthe desire herself.
Krelian: That can't be... What is she thinking?
Rene: Originally, we talked about it being just us...
Krelian: Just us...?
Lacan: ...
[Later, Sophia is injured and lies on the ground near her Gear.]
Krelian: Sophia!
[he pushes Lacan out of the way.]
Krelian: Sophia... Lacan! What are you doing? You keep back! I know we couldn'tleave Sophiain your care! I'll protect her... even if it costs me my life!
[Later in the medical ward...]
Roni: Why don't you get some rest, Krel...? You haven't slept since the daybefore yesterdayhave you? You shouldn't do that to yourself!
Krelian: I'm fine, it's not a problem...
Roni: Look, I'll watch over her, so you go sleep. What will we do if you alsofall ill? Do notforget you are the head of the sect's military forces.
Krelian: Okay... I suppose you are right.
[Krelian and Roni leave.]
Lacan: Elly... I am so sorry... I... It was my misjudgement that did this toyou. I wasterrified... It was like you could see right through me... Your eyes... Thatlook... That wasme that was being reflected back in your eyes... I was looking at myself... Andthus paintingmyself... I couldn't stand it! So that's why... Oh Elly... What in the heavensdid you findinside of me? When you wake up, I think I will ask you that... On secondthought, no... No, Idon't want to burden you with my concerns. Besides, I wouldn't be able to askyou... One lookinto your eyes and I can't say a thing... I wouldn't be able to tell you how Ifeel...
Sophia: You are the sweetest person...
Lacan: Elly...!
Elly: You are someone who cannot bear to see others hurt by your own actions. Soyou holdeverythng in and bear all the burden. If you get hurt in the end, you thinkthat it is fine...That's... what I like about you.
Lacan: Stop! Don't say that. If you become just another human, everyone will...
Elly: Humans... aren't so frail you know. They don't need a symbol who is justappearances only.I believe that if you have light in your heart, you can overcome any hardship.What I havebeen doing is simply showing people that such light exists in the hearts ofeveryone... I'mjust a woman. And to fulfill my womanhood I am prepared to throw awayeverything... even thisposition. I'm just playing the role of Sophia. But I am still me. I haven'tchanged... Acowardly, selfish crybaby... I am still the same. Could you live like that andstill behappy...? I ... don't want to do that. Oh, Lacan... I want to live morehonestly withmyself... To be able to tell the man that I love that I do love him. And Idon't care ifI get hurt or rejected. You only have one life. I don't want to turn aroundlater andregret not having done such things...
Lacan: I... I...
[Krelian listens from right outside.]
[Krelian, in his gear speaks...]
Krelian: Do you think I'll let it end here!? We are not their possessions!
[Much later, the Excalibur charges Merkava.]
Krelian: Sophia!! What are you doing!/
Sophia: I am ending this... You won't need to fight anymore... So, Krelian...Please open yourfist... and with your own hand gently hold the people who will continue tolive...
[Merkava aims it's cannon and fires. Flames gather inside the ship as it fallsapart...]
Lacan: Don't be foolish! We'll help you escape! So please stop...!
Sophia: Thank you, Lacan... But... sorry... there's no other way...
Lacan: Elly!
[Merkava continues to fire as Excalibur fastly approaches it.]
Sophia: People support each other to live... It's what brings us happiness... Soshare thathappiness, and please... Lacan! Live!
[The ship crashes into Merkava, destroying them both.]
Lacan: Ell~y!
[Later, Lacan paints the portrait alone...]
[Days later, in the ruins of the battlefields, Krelian speaks...]
Krelian: We were sacrificed as pawns... In order to protect their ownauthority... Sophiawas... Is this the ideal world we've been searching for? What have we beendoing? Headingtoward Sophia's ideals? Is this our salvation? This isn't fair... Sophia wassacrificed...for those bastards... Sophia said, if you just have faith the path to what youhope for willopen. But look at reality. God didn't answer our prayers... Is that because wedidn't haveenough faith? Even if we didn't have faith, Sophia did. Why did she have to besacrificed?Is god dead...? Is he just not there...? Maybe god never existed to begin with!
[He flashes back to Sophia at the alter.]
Sophia: Faith in god... Do not look for it on the outside... It comes from theinside...
[the flashback ends.]
Krelian: Ha, ha, ha, ha... I see... That's it... If god doesn't exist in ourworld, then...I will create god with my own hands!
Lacan: Krelian...
Krelian: Sophia... Please guide me... I will destroy all false pretences oflove, for you...
[He disappears.]
Roni: We need to gather all our surviving comrades. We'll never beat them if wefight themindividually... So let us create a country that can some day stand up againstthem... Whatare you going to do, Lacan...?
Lacan: I...
[Later, Lacan goes to the cell were Miang is being held. Instead of Miang, hesees Sophia.]
Lacan: ...Elly!?
[She transforms back into Miang.]
Miang: If you only had power... you could have saved her.
[An image of Sophia shows up behind Miang and shakes her head.]
Miang: You want it, don't you? Unrivaled power...! Don't you want to become...the absolutebeing...!?
[Lacan travels until he reaches a snowy area near a large spot of light. Hegets out of hisGear and runs towards the light.]
Lacan: There... That's what I have sought after... But wait! That's not what Iwant! No! Thisis my very desire!
...Live!
[Dan walks into the room where Fei is being held.]
Dan: So this is where Fei's being held!? He deserves it! Let me pray on hisweeping face as ifit were an idol! Heh heh... As if I would! Yech...! What, what is this...!?...This isterrible... No matter what, this is going too far... He's still... alive...?How could youpossibly be!? You're human too, aren't you!? Darn...! ...Fei... Oh, Fei...!?
Midori: Crying...
Dan: Huh...!? Midori, it's you... Phew... Don't scare me like that! Crying...?Who's crying?...!? You mean our friend is crying?
Midori: Angy... Hurt... He'll wake up soon... It's calling him...
Dan: What do you mean!?
[Suddenly, the carbonite container starts flashing uncontrollably.]
Dan: Whoa...! What the...!?
Fei: !! St...stop... Stop... it!!
Dan: Fei!?
Fei: D a n... Mi d... o... ri... Run... away...
Dan: Yikes!?
[There's a blast, and Fei disappears.]
[Citan sits in the chair in space.]
Citan: He broke through his carbonite encasing... 'Id'... Fei took his GearWeltall and wentin search of Zohar. We followed Fei's trail. Eventually, we arrived at thelocation whereZohar had fallen to earth... so very long ago... Nothing could have prepared usfor what wewere about to see there...
[Citan,Emeralda and Maria approach a glowing light when they reach the snowylands in thenorth where Fei went.]
Citan: What is that...?
[They fall in a hole and fall into a small cave underground.]
Citan: This must be the place...
[Fei is once again in the dreamlike world. He sees Id.]
Fei: Wait for me!
Id: This is as far as you can come. From here on is my world. You can't enter.
Fei: What do you mean?
Id: You're a subordinate, fake persona... that's why.
Fei: A subordinate fake persona?
Id: Yes... He has part of my memories from back then... He has sealed away thevery meaning ofmy existence... my drive... my motivation... my subconsious -Id-. Because ofthat, I became abasic, blank persona. And on top of that, I constructed a new persona based onmy experiencessince then... That is what you are now!
Fei: Him? You mean father?
Id: You call him father? He who never did anything for you? It was because ofhis cowardlybehavior... If only he had been able to protect me... If he had done that...mother wouldn'thave died...
Fei: Didn't my mother die right after I was born? What really happened to mymother? Tell meId!
Id: You don't need to know. You'll only disappear soon. Along with your basicpersona, the'coward'. I'll rule my being through the power of the existence.
Fei: ??
Id: Of course you don't know. But it is etched in my metempsychotic memory. Yourpersona isfake, so you'll never stand on the 'stage' of consciousness. You'll never beable to takecharge of the memories from our past lives.
Fei: I know the dreams and hallucinations! I've seen them many times!
Id: Then... I showed them to you on purpose... To break the seal, I chose toweaken the powerof your existence. If your mental energy is weakened, I can become free to doas I wish.
Fei: What?
Id: There are still things inside of you which you haven't been shown yet...
[There's a noise.]
Id: huh? Someone's coming! It's probably your friends. They must have followedme.
Fei: Where are you going?
Id: I came to reestablish contact with the Existence. To tie together all thethreads of yourmemories since ancient times... and then cut them off... That is the fate ofthe Contact...All is ready. It's time for the true awakening! I will eliminate all those whowere full ofhypocrisy from the very beginning.
[Id leaves.]
Fei: Wait! Wait for me, Id!
Id: You just stay here and observe!
[Citan and the others enter the cave.]
Citan: W, what is this...?
[They continue on and see a gigantic organic structure with a Gear in it.]
Citan: ... Fei!? This must mean this is Weltall's transformed appearance!?
[Suddenly, the organic structure breaks down revealing Id's Gear. A gigantictablet with aneye on it rises from the ground. It is Zohar.]
[They fight Id and defeat him. Wiseman appears.]
Wiseman: Are you okay?
Citan: Wiseman!?
Wiseman: It's already too late! Assist me! For I am about to... exterminate Id.
Citan: !?
Wiseman: Zohar is Deus's core. The slave generators and ether... It's the sourceof all theirenergy. After attaining its power, the freshly awakened Id intends toannihilate this world!The contact with Zohar was meant to have been done after the unifying Fei'strue personality!
[Id approaches Wiseman.]
Wiseman: Hah!? Keep back!
Id: Hmm, you again!? You are always getting in my way. But I cannot be stoppedby you. You whocouldn't even protect his own wife and son! You can not even bear to show youface to yourson. That's why you wear a mask, isn't it... Khan!?
Citan: Son!?
Wiseman: ...
Id: That's right! This man is Fei's... no, I mean, my father, Khan Wong!
[Wiseman takes off his costume.]
Khan: What happened to Fei... Id!?
Id: Too bad. The new personality of Fei that you gave birth to... ...and allthat work thatyour persona did to make him one, perfect, unified whole has been wasted. Hewill be swallowedup by me!
Khan: I won't permit it! I will destroy you first!
Id: As if you could... sissy! Mother died because of your cowardly behavior. Andas a result,he ran away from that reality by entering into his own memories! And now Icontinue myexistence bearing all that hatred. You wouldn't be able to imagine what it'slike!
Khan: I wasn't simply working to unify Fei's personality, you know!? All thatyou and I feel...the sadness, the hatred... Even though he also experienced such things... Feineeded to beencouraged to build himself up in order to be able to comprehend all of this.Fei should beable to understand all of your feelings now! But now you want to erase the onewho understandsyou... to kill Fei! What is it that you want?
Id: Why ask me such a thing now? My purpose is the same as his... totaldestruction! That andthat alone!
Khan: Is this world so bad a place... that there is only hatred inside of you?
Id: You're the ones who made me this way... You and that woman! Admit it!
[Id attacks Khan.]
Khan: Argh...! Fei...! Can you hear me? Please take this fist full of memories Iam givingyou... Becoming one... with yourself... and with me!
[He attacks Id.]
Citan: Fei!! Where did the real you go? Remember! Were you not going to helpElly?
[Fei is now inside of Id...]
Fei: Yes... This is inside Id. A world filled with hatred and sadness. That'sall that's here...Yes... Now I understand, Id. Why you hate the world. Why there is nothinginside you...Nothing... Nothing was given to you... deprived of... all the happy memories...And yet... itfeels pleasant... It almost feels good... Now I get it..! There's no need toresist. I wasoriginally just an existence that was created as a cover to hide everything...Includingourselves...
Citan: Remember! Were you not going to help Elly!
Fei: Elly? That's right...! Elly...! I've got to save Elly!
[He enters a room where a small boy watches a filmstrip.]
Fei: What's this place...?
Id: ...What's he done now!? He only called you in here for his own sake... Thisis inside theshell of your basic character, the room of the 'coward'. I'm sure you've beenhere many timesbefore.
Fei: I see... I remember now... In my dreams...
Id: Everything despised and unwanted he pushed onto me, while he shut himself upin his ownlittle shell... the 'coward' Fei. The basis for our personalities.
Coward: Who are you? ...Ah, you're my... Hey... let's watch this together! Thisis my mosttreasured possession...
Id: Hah...! By repeatedly replaying the times he was full of happiness he livesin his ownhappy little world. While I'm still alive only because of what's left in thoseleft overdregs. Here! I'll show you... 'everything' about me.
[The numbers 10... 9... 8... count down to 1.]
[Fei as a child, Karen and Khan are inside their house.]
Id: Our's was an ordinary family. A strict but reliable father. A kind andloving mother. Uptill then, it was complete happiness. But one day... Mother suddenly changed.
[Fei runs up to Karen but is shocked when she turns around.]
Id: She was like a totally different person. From that day on... 'Fei' lost hishome.
[Khan leaves the house.]
Id: Father was away often. He had some important work.
[Karen approaches Fei.]
[Fei is brought to a lab. Karen goes to a small booth next to the laboratorytable where mendressed in Executioner gowns sit operating computers. It is the vision that Feihad in Solaris,come to life.]
Id: When father was away from home, 'Fei' was taken to a place with mysteriousmachines. Insidethere were many strangly dressed people. Many types of probes where injectedinto 'Fei's' body,as the start to some kind of experiments. The tests caused Fei much pain.
Child Fei: Mom, help me! What are you doing? No! Noooooo!
Id: Mother didn't come to his assistance. Young 'Fei' had no way of resisting.But he was ableto endure. Eventually, the experiments became unbearable.
[Various people enter the lab with Fei.]
Id: Many people gathered around 'Fei'. These people had a high compatabilitywith the AnimaRelics. This psychic contact with Fei was to force him to awaken.
[The people die.]
Id: But no one could make contact with Fei. The power drawn out of 'Fei',regardless of his will,destroyed them all.
Fei: This is unbelievable! Mother allowed this to take place...? Psychiccontact? What do youmean by 'awaken' me?
Id: To awaken god, everything had to be in perfect order, with nothinglacking... Thingsdivided in the past must become whole again...
[More people enter the lab and die.]
Id: Countless people died before Fei's eyes. Men, women, the old, the young,even demi-humans...Suffering, grief, fear, ecstasy... A variety of emotions and words lingered...And tumbledabout Fei like broken dolls... It was a scene... from hell!
[Back in Fei's house...]
Id: In front of father she acted normally. When Fei tried to tell father aboutmother's strangeconduct and the experiments, father's mind was taken up by his work and hedidn't really listen.
[Khan laughs when Fei talks to him and leaves.]
Id: He thought it was just childhood fantasies. But he didn't have to endure thepain muchlonger... Fei's subconscious discovered a way to escape from the trauma. Heformed a seperatepersona to deal with things he didn't like or couldn't bear. He removed himselffrom out ofharms way. My role was to have all the things he hated forced upon me, themoment they arose.>From the time of my division from him, I was dominated by hatred. That hatrednaturally turnedinto destructive impulses. I wanted to destroy everything. Mother, father, theentire world...Finally father noticed mother's odd behavior, but it was already too late. Ihad completelyseperated from that coward, my original self. The puppets were broken ...and...'Fei's; heartwas too...
Fei: What would make mother do such a thing...?
Id: Mother repeated the experiments to study the power she knew existed withinme. Yes, thatwoman... mother, was Miang.
Fei: That's a lie!
Id: No, it's true. Mother was Miang.
[outside...]
Khan: That's right... Karen had become Miang.
Citan: What is that you say?
Khan: It's nothing special. Miang does not have only one host body. Miang'sroots are sealed inthe genes of all women. Any one of them could become Miang.
Id: It just happened to be mother's turn. Only Elly was 'special' originally!!
[Id attacks Khan.]
Khan: Noooo!
[He counterattacks.]
Khan: Karen, -Miang-, noticed that Fei's memory time axis had increased 2 or 3fold. She thenbecame convinced that Fei was the 'Contact'!
Citan: 'Contact'!?
[Meanwhile, back to the room of the coward...]
Id: ...Yes, I was the Contact. That's why HE called out to me... And why thetime had come...
[Grahf attacks Khan in front of his house while Fei and Karen watch.]
Child Fei: Stop it! Dad! Dad! Mom! Help dad! Hey, mom! Why aren't you helpingdad? Dad... Dad'sgonna die!
Id: Grahf came seeking the power that exists within me. To return to his ownbody. Youunderstand now, don't you...? Grahf is... Lacan. We, his descendants whoinherited hislingering thoughts and memories from him, know only too well... Divided 500years ago...He would become a part of us both... Lacan became Grahf. He destroyedeverything on the faceof the earth. He then mastered how to possess the bodies of others by dwellingin their minds.He was probably enabled to do this after his contact with the 'Existence'. Thebodies died butLacan's spirit continued living by possessing others. He had come that day, toreturn hissoul, at last, to the perfect reincarnation of his physical body... The body of'Fei'.Father... fought him. But he couldn't protect mother or I. He pitifully foughton whilecoughing up his life blood. Grahf made a mockery of father and mother would noteven helphim when he needed her the most. As for their son... 'He' couldn't take whatwas happeningany more...
[Fei releases energy, knocking out Grahf as Karen watches.]
Id: He gave into his feelings and released his power. And as a result......Mother died.
Child Fei: Mom!
Id: And 'he', off-loaded the result of his actions onto me. To avoid taking theresponsibilityfor killing mother, he used me as a shield.
I also killed mother.
Id: He pushed all the bad things onto me... but kept all the memories filledwith happiness andmother's love to himself. And he shut himself away with those memories insidehis own littleshell... forever. This is the place. What you see before you, is what he made.He just keepshanging on to those memories. That's what this is...
Fei: Stop it! Just stop it! This... These scenes... Are these all there is tous? Enoughalready! There is nothing here! Just a world filled with deception and pain.
Id: It can't be helped. This is our world... This is 'everything'...
[Back outside...]
Khan: I was a fool. It was all my fault. I was so busy with my duties in Shevatthat I didn'tnotice Karen had changed. I couldn't save you when you needed my help.
Id: Save me? ...Hah! Why bother saying such nonsense now? It's not going tochange anything!The only thing you can do now is die by my hand!
[Id attacks Khan.]
Khan: Urrrggh!! Even still... I'll show ... you... that I can... save you...!
[Inside of Id...]
Fei: Dad!! Stop it! Id! Father has done nothing wrong!
Id: I know. This one is the real culprit. Mother and father had no choice.
[Fei is in front of the house where he used to live. A ball rolls up to him.The coward runsup to him.]
Coward: Thanks. Pass it back to me. I'm playing with mother.
Fei: This is not reality! It's all lies! It's all a trick!! All of it! All ofit! All of it...!
[Id and Fei approach the coward.]
Coward: No! Get out! This is my room! I though you would always be with me!
Fei: Why won't you see reality? Happiness... Sadness... Aren't those all partsthat combined tomake the whole? Why won't you show him? Why don't you also show Id what youalways watch!
Coward: No! That's mine! I don't want to show it to the person who killedmother!!
Id: You should talk. You're the one who killed mother!
Coward: No I didn't, you did! I did not kill her! Mother didn't care for you...Father didn'tnotice either... That's why you killed her! I didn't kill her! I didn't! Ididn't...!
Fei: Knock it off! ...'We' killed mother. It's no one's fault but ours. It's notbecause shebecame Miang or because father didn't notice. Don't look outside for thereason. Don't blameanyone but yourself. Yes, mother was Miang, and I know you suffered. No onecould have enduredit. but you can't push it onto Id alone. We are all one person. We must allbecome one. Right?Walk on your own two feet. Face up to the reality that you don't want to see!Show them to Id.Everything you took for yourself...
[While Grahf. Karen and Khan stand nearby, a blast of energy comes out of Fei.After ascendingto the sky, it quickly flies at Fei who ducks away in horror. Watching, Karenthrows herselfin front of it, and is blasted. Her blood splatters all over Fei's face. Shesmiles, then dies,her bloody corpse falling on top of him. The pendant she was wearing falls tohis feet. It isthe Nisan Pendant, the one from his hallucinations.]
Id: Lies! That woman... This scene... All illusions he made up! I, myconsciousness, can seethrough this trick. I won't be swayed!
Fei: Id... that's enough! Doing that isn't going to solve anything. Mother savedus at the lastmoment. That is the truth. Right? The reality isn't all grim, Id...
Id: My power... couldn't save anyone. It only destroyed. I thought that I couldonly make aconnection with others through destruction. So I had to destroy it all.People... The world...Even Elly...
Fei: No... That's not the case. We can save others just as our mother, despitebeing Miang,saved us. Our power... can save people! We can save Elly!
Id: ...That's a first. Mother being so warm... To me... She always seemed... toowarm... Fei.Take the memories I have within me. You must know what it used to be like upuntil now. Knowour identity... about who we are. Then figure out what ought to be done. Ourintegration isnot yet complete.
[Id shows Fei a vision. Abel and Elly, run through the raining night, as theyare being chasedby the 12 Gazel Ministers. Above their bodies, the ministers hold up a giganticthrown wherethe Emperor sits. Suddenly, a bolt of energy starts charging in the air infront of theEmperor. A bolt of energy strikes Elly through the chest and she falls. Abelruns back to herand holds her bleeding body in his hands as they quickly approach him...]
Abel: Elhaym!!
Elly: Abel... Live...!
[The vision fades. Now, Kim stands in his laboratory against the glass asZeboim troops attackhis wife.]
Elly: ...I just can't... hand our child... over to you... ...Live...!
[The vision fades.]
[Lacan paints Sophia's portrait.]
[The vision fades.]
[Sophia is in the crashing ship.]
Sophia: Lacan! Live...!
[Krelian stands in front of the others...]
Krelian: If god doesn't exist in our world... Then I will create god with my ownhands!
[Lacan approaches a wasteland.]
Lacan: ...What ...is... this... place...? ...My execution site...?
[He sees more people surround him.]
Lacan: ...Why do you turn on me? I thought we were friends!
[He stands at Weltall.]
Lacan: Who... is it...?
[He stares over the wasteland around him.]
Lacan: Did I... cause this...? What has happened to me...? What...have... I...become...?
...Live!
[Lacan once again stands on Weltall.]
Lacan: ...I will live...!
[He transforms into Grahf.]
Lacan: Even if I go to hell, I will live till the end of this world. And if theworld does notcome to an end... I will destroy it with my own hands!
[The visions fade.]
[Fei finds himself in a place with a large puddle on the ground. A glowinglight is in frontof him.]
Voice: ...Fei ...Fei...
Fei: Who is it? Who's calling me...?
Voice: I... am... Har...
Fei: What is this light...?
Voice: I reside in Zohar. I am the beginning and the end. The first and thelast.
Fei: ...God?
Voice: God... some would refer to me as that. From a certain point of view, itis right to viewme as such. But at the same time, I am not. I... am also a part of you.
Fei: A part of me?
Voice: I am defined by how people observe me. You are actually talking to avirtual version ofme that you yourself create... I am 'your perception' of me.
Fei: I don't understand what you are talking about. Who, or what are you?
Voice: In one word... ...EXISTENCE.
Fei: Existence?
Wave Existence: In actuality, I do not have a physical form. I am an 'existence'of a higherdimension. A place where time and space is controlled... The fluctuatingvoid... The 'waveexistence'...
Fei: What does such an 'Existence' have to do with me?
Wave Existence: Long ago, a 'modifier', or a pseudo-perpetual, infinite-energyengine wascreated. That engine was named 'Zohar'. That reactor was created by an ancientpeople fromanother planet to attain what is considered to be the ultimate energy possiblewithin thisfour-dimensional universe. Eventually, those people used that same engine tocreate theinter-planetary invasion weapon, 'Deus'... Zohar was used as its primary sourceof power. Butthe unexpected happened... During the connection tests of Zohar with the newlycompleted Deus,the engine started to examine infinite potential phenomena... Requiring energy,the engineconnected this dimension to the higher dimensional space. As a result, thatreactor 'merged'or 'synchronized' with the wave existence in that higher dimension... ME. Idescended from thepoint of contact created by the machines through the 'Path of Sephirot', or thedomain you arein right now, and incarnated in the four-dimensional world. After I 'Advented'to thefour-dimensional world, in order to stabalize myself here, I had to exchange,or materialize,my form and enter into the 'modifier' engine. In other words, I became bound inZohar. I havealways wanted to return to my own dimension... And I came to a conclusion. Ihad to reversethe process. I went through to arrive here. I must be released by the one whoinstalled withinme a special feature of this dimension-the 'will'... that one is you.
Fei: Decided it was me? A special feature?
Wave Existence: Yes. I was given a special attribute of a human by you, theContact, when youobserved me... I was given... a mother's will.
Fei: A mother's will?
Wave Existence: I'm sure you remember. After my descent, you had contact withthe modifierengine 'Zohar'
[A young boy who looks exactly like Fei stares at Zohar in a trance. Deepinside, is Elly.]
Fei: !!
Wave Existence: As a contact, being but only a child, you defined my existencewith your desireto return to your mother. Thus I came to prepare the mother's will... that willis Elhaym.
Fei: Elly's disposition was influenced by me?
Wave Existence: Yes. My will was incarenaded through a bio-computer which wasvital for Deus.
After combining with me, the bio-computer evolved its functions and thatbio-plant generated acentral element. That is her. I was split by your contact. My physical form offlesh stayed inZohar, while my will went into Elhaym and my power went into you. That's why Iwaited to unitewith you. And now, it is fulfilled. My only remaining desire is to break this'cage of fleshlyexistence'... In order to do that, I must become perfect by combining withElhaym, as well asmy other physical form, 'Deus'. The only way to return to my original dimensionis to destroythis physical body. In the four-dimensional world, Zohar is perfect, so inorder to destroyZohar I need the strength that was attributed to you... Zohar can only bedestroyed by thehands of the Contact.
Fei: What about Elly? If Zohar is destroyed, what will become of Elly!?
Wave Existence: Zohar and Deus are one. She is bound to the system by another'swill to becomeone with me. In order to release her, it is necessary to destroy that verysystem that servesas the Deus weapon... However, having been created as a weapon, the Deus systemseeks to unifyitself with all of you for a different purpose than that of mine. Originally,her releasewould have been performed by me, the one who desires to return to the higherdimension... But,I am also bound to the system as she is, so I am unable to participate. You arethe only onewho can release her from the spell. Just as Deus and I are inseperatable, youand her are alsoinseperatable.
Fei: ...Alright. I'll destroy Deus and the Zohar Modifier. And I'll save Elly.
Wave Existence: You have experienced much loss and deprivation in your life. Itis very tragic.Our contact, and the resulting transference of power and will between you andI, most likelyplayed a part in splitting your personality.
Fei: I disagree. I can't blame anything or anyone besides myself. Regardless ofwhat may havehappened in the past, with the passing of time the cause becomes more remote.It is a problemthat comes from within myself that I myself must deal with.
Wave Existence: I see... You have managed to accept those tragedies, to tolerateall things, tocomprehend... and find where you stand in this world. If you have succesed todo all thesethings, I am sure you will succedd in what awaits you know. To liberate all ofus... Usethe ....Xe...no....gears... des...troy...Zohar...
Fei: Wait! There's more I need to ask you...
Wave Existence: The system is awakening... Ask... her... after...
[Weltall transforms into Xenogears, the ultimate Gear.]
[Fei goes into Khan's Gear.]
Fei: Dad!! Dad! Are you okay? Dad! I'm sorry... this is all my fault...
Khan: Fei...? You've returned to your own self... You've become one...
Fei: Yes, thanks to you all. If all of you hadn't called out to me...
Khan: Urgh!
Fei: Dad!
Khan: Don't worry... This is good... This is, after all... I...
Fei: Dad?
Khan: You and I...
[Khan transforms into Grahf and clutches Fei by the throat.]
Grahf: You and I can become one!
Fei: Huh!? G, Grahf!? What's going on...?
Grahf: Ha ha... 'I' reached the limit of the body I possessed, on that day 3years ago... 'I'required a body that would tide me over until your true awakening. That is why'I' acquiredthe body of your father. Regardless of your awakening, your merging, and theinheritedmemories you had acquired... ...there was no way for you to know this, sinceyou had lost yourmemory at that point... At the point in which 'I' merged with your father.
Fei: Impossible...! What about Wiseman...? What about father...?
Grahf: Of course they were just parts of me... I couldn't hold on to Khantotally. His ego wasfar stronger than I imagined. When my control weakened, he showed himself toyou as Wiseman.
Fei: Arggh...
Grahf: You have awakened. This body is now useless to me. Now I must return tomy originalbody... the reincarnation of my body that you inhabit.
Fei: Stop it...! Dad...!
Grahf: I hear you Fei... You see, He and I are one. I am Khan, Khan is me. Hehas become onewith me, so you too should open your heart and unite with me. Then we can go onto eliminateeverything!
Fei: No... I... can't... allow... you... to... control... me!
[There's a flash, and Fei returns to Xenogears.]
Grahf: Hmph. Protecting your master? Then so be it. I'll merge with both you andyour machinethen. Now come, Fei! Fight me!
Fei: It's no use! I know you're Lacan, and that you're a part of me. But thatdoesn't changeyou being my father. I could never really fight you!
Grahf: You're so naive! Why don't you understand that your naivety is whatkilled Sophia, whatkilled your mother 'Karen'?
Fei: I already know that! That's why I swore never to run away again... ...thatI must rescueElly. So don't get in my way! Wake up! Open your eyes, father... -Lacan-!
Grahf: If that's the case ...then fight me! Fight me!!!
Fei: I can't!
Grahf: I see... Then there's no choice.
Fei: !?
Grahf: Since you are so unwilling to fight, I believe I'll have to use them asbait.
Fei: ! Stop it! Don't we have the same memories? Can't you also remember thatsadness that youfelt way back then? Why then ... why must you destroy everything? If we stopDeus, won't thisall be over?
Grahf: You still don't understand... even after your contact with the existence?I came tounderstand after my contact with the Existence that, even if Deus wasdestroyed... ...as longas humans still inhabit this land, Miang... Elhaym, will be born time andagain. Then allliving things may as well perish along with Deus itself. That's the only pathto freedom. Thepath to release us from the eternal cycles of life, the tragedies of historyand the spell offate! Once I awaken Deus as a weapon, I'll obliterate all living things... ThenI'll use yourawakened self and that machine to return everything to nothing... That's what Iconcluded.Miang and Elhaym... are not just Deus' mouthpieces. That 'woman' is its mainbody! Why can'tyou see that?
Fei: That's not true. She gave her life for me by shielding me from harm! Hereyes weren'tMiang's! Mother came back at the last moment! Miang, mother... even Elly, wereall humansborn on this planet! Deus doesn't matter! You'll see... I will bring Elly back!Father...No, Grahf -Lacan-! If you won't back down...
Grahf: Never!
Fei: Then I have no choice...! The time has come to truly become one!
[Fei defeats Grahf.]
Grahf: Nuaah... Ugh... Why don't you finish me off? If you don't get rid of me,then you cannotget what you want.
Fei: It's alright ...dad. I understand. You are not Grahf. You are my father.You and Grahf areone. Your will and purpose will never change. I knew that once we fought. Butlet's stop now.Our objectives should be the same. It is the same as our becoming one. We don'thave to fight.
[There's a light and Fei is paralyzed.]
Fei: Arrghh! What...! My body...!?
Grahf: Zohar is after you! The last piece to combine with Deus' system. It seeksto unify withyou... the first to have been divided from it.
Fei: What...!?
Grahf: This is what Lacan wanted all along. After all, I'm an imperfectexistence, It wasinevitable that it would come to this... considering what had happened in thepast. Lacan'simperfect secondary contact with the Wave Existence split his personality intotwo. Eventually,his body died, but the original Lacan transmigrated... Bringing the destiny ofbecoming aContact with him, he was reborn as your present body. The remaining persona,just his desires,lived on seperately by possessing the bodies of others. That is Grahf... thatis me. I mayhave inherited Lacan's will, but I'm not the same as the 'Contact Lacan'. It isimpossible forme to make real contact. There would be no true melding and realease. Eventhough our bodiesmay be different, I am still half of you. That fact remains. Although I'mimperfect, I canmerge temporarily with Zohar, and thus may be able to buy you some time. Thisis the only wayI can be cone with you. This is all I can do. Deus's system will start to lookfor you again.Before then, you have to destroy the newly perfected Deus and the ZoharModifier. You're theonly one that can destroy the physical barrier that encases god's body.
Fei: Dad!
Grahf: As you said, that was Karen. Through many generations Miang is beginningto break freefrom her bounds. Now that Elhaym has merged with Deus, she has all of hermemories back. Allthe memories from her original birth as the Contact's complement up to hercurrenttransmigration. That includes all of the lives she has lived as Miang, and hersubstitutesover the centuries. And of course, that includes your mother's memories too.
Fei: Mother's memories...?
Grahf: Fei, cut away all the binds on mankind... You should be able to do thatnow. Save herand all the other women bound with her! I'm begging you Fei...
[True Weltall and the giant tablet vanish in a flash of light.]
[Fei gets out of his Gear and finds the Nisan pendant on the ground.]
Fei: What's this...? This pendant... Is this Sophia's... or my mother's...?
Citan: ?
Fei: It's nothing... I'm just talking to myself. I'm sorry, for all the troubleI've causedeveryhone. Thank you all so much! Anyway, let's get going! There is little timeleft now...for me... and for our planet!
[Fei brings them to a small hill where some wreckage is.]
Citan: What is this place...!?
Fei: This is where it all started. This is our genesis! We... no, humans wereborn here....Long ago, Deus crashlanded on this planet in an interplanetary colony ship.In order torevive itself someday, Deus detached itself from the Zohar Modifier's core...After this corecame down here, a single woman awoke and arose from out of it. She's the motherof allhumanity... After she awoke, she used all her power to bear several beings.These would becomethe ancestors of the whole of humanity. These were the Emperor and the GazelMinistry.Finally, she gave birth to replicas of herself to be humanity's caretakers. Twoselves...The -human- Mother and the weapon... The Subject and the Complement... That isElly and...Miang. I, the sole survivor from the colony ship, met Ellly and...Everything startedfrom there... The land of genesis, -Kadomony-... this is that place.
Maria: That is incredible. That you can clearly remember the past so long ago, Imean...
Fei: Usually, human memories cannot be passed down through the generations.Humans do notnormally have the ability to change possible phenomena, we can clearly storedata in ourintrons. In other words, we can leave behind memories to be inherited by ourdescendants.Just as the Wave Existence is bound inside Zohar... the information is affixedto me, so tospeak, by some of the power of the Wave Existence.
Citan: Then this is...!
Fei: This is the form from when Elly and Miang were still one being... This isthe first womanof our world... ...Our mother...
[They look up at the dead woman laying in the wreckage.]
[On the Excalibur, Shevat's most powerful ship...]
Bart: ...So if we destroy that Zohar thing, everything will be over, right?
Citan: Yes. The source of our Ether powers, and the power for the generatorsthat make ourGears work... It all comes from the 'Zohar Modifier' engine which can controlpotentialphenomena. If we destroy it, Deus... and the -Seraph- angels... will all bedeactivated...And we should also be able to free Elly, who has become bound to the Deussystem as 'Miang'.Right, Fei?
Fei: Yeah. That's what the Wave Existence said.
Citan: But then there is the downside... It will also mean that we will nolonger be able touse our Gears or our Ether powers anymore.
Rico: What are those -Seraph- angels all about, anyway? That odd appearance asif they lacksomething... as if they were neither living beings nor mere weapons...
Citan: Zohar senses the human consciousness and incarnates the -Seraphs-.
Billy: Human consciousness...?
Citan: Zohar itself involves the principle of uncertainty. The observer'sperception of Zohardetermines the entity it actually becomes. In other words, I believe that thoseangels areincarnations of the spirits of people... ...The people who have been absorbedby Deus tobecome parts of it.
Bart: So what merit is there for them to gain in eliminating all ofcivilization?
Maria: Is it some kind of hatred for those humans who have survived?
Citan: Of course not. Those people who were created and assimilated as parts forDeus would nothave such intentions. Try to remember what Elly, when she became Miang, said.
Fei: "The creations of god will someday be a hinderance... That is why they mustbe eliminated."
Citan: Yes. That is why Merkava is being used to begin the destruction. But...Deus is notfollowing its programming of exterminating all of civilization... The-Seraphs-, which areterminal interface weapons of Deus, are using their bodies composed of......nanomachines toabsorb massive numbers of people regardless of whether they are dead or alive.It is notdiscrimination between the mutant and non-mutant people. This is highlypeculiar... ...Thefact that the people who are meant to be destroyed are being taken in aswell... That is theabsolute opposite of what it is supposed to be doing.
Fei: Maybe there aren't enough parts?
Citan: That is unlikely. Aside from those bodies that were destined to be partsfor it......Deus, who has already acquired the abilities of the nanomachine, can justabout use anymaterial... ...to construct its body. It is obvious, it has other intentions inmind. Thoseintentions... Krelian called Deus the mother. If god is the mother, then thosemotives arecoming from the Great Mother... Impeding of its child, enveloping it, to bringthe child backto the womb to become one with it. That is the motive. Such a ptrogram does notexist withinthe design though. It was probably given this unique will by someone. Eitherfrom Elly who hasmerged with Deus or...
Fei: Either way, it doesn't change the fact that we have to fight. Regradless ofwhat theirintentions are. The problem is how we're supposed to deal with them. You thinkwe can do itin our current state?
Zephyr: This secret battleship, Excalibur, will also take part in the finalbattle.Additionally, the military potential of all the surface forces will assemblehere.
Bart: Even if we can put together a massive force... ...we still have theproblem with the mainarmament of the Merkava. We need to know how to take that out. As long as wedon't do that...
Citan: Merkava's ultra-long range cannon has the ability to vaporize anysubstance. On top ofthat, they have a barrier around their perimeter that nullifies all attacks.
Zephyr: We've fought against the Merkava many times to try and stop itsonslaught. However,we cannot even get close. Hence we have had to withdraw every time.
Fei: Dammit! No matter how much we want to save Elly... ...if we can't get inthe Merkava,it's meaningless.
Sigurd: To add to that, there is the problem of those -Seraphs-. ...Theyfunction as theterminal interface weapons for close defense. I can easily say that theirattack power isequivalent to the Omnigear class.
Bart: They even have the regenerative ability due to the nanomachines.
Taura: Don't be concerned about that. I was able to obtain some data fromXenogears... You see,Xenogears has mutagenically evolved due to its contact with Zohar. Using thatdata, all ofyour new Gears ought to be completed soon. Additionally, all the other weaponsand armamentsare being modified to implement the 'Disassembler Device'.
Billy: Disassembler Device?
Taura: In contrast to the Nanoassemblers, which create matter to repair with......thedisassemblers have the ability to dismantle or destroy matter. They can evendeactivate thenanomachines' restoring ability by disengaging their repair programs. Thisshould besuffiecently effective even against the Deus' -Seraphs-.
Fei: Alright, even if we can deal with the angels... ...just how are we gonnadeal with thatMerkava? We can't even get close to the thing.
Citan: There is no such thing as a perfect defense. There is a way. Look overhere.
[They look at a monitor with Merkava.]
Citan: Merkava's main gun requires a 1.2 second interval to reload because ofits tremendousoutput. Upon firing, although it is only sectional, there will be a portion ofthe barrierthat will be opened. There is a 1.87 second delay before the barrier reforms inthat area.If we can use this window of time to target and destroy the cannon, it will bepossible toclose in on it. If we can get close enough, we can break through withgravitational-spatialcorrection.
[He turns it off.]
Citan: Well, this is the rough idea.
Sigurd: Unfortunately, we don't have such a long range cannon... ...That couldacquire a targetin such a brief time frame.
Bart: So what you're saying is we just need to shut that annoying cannon upright?
Fei: ...You want to head into Merkava!?
Billy: Now you're being reckless again... That's suicide.
Bart: No, listen. We're not going to just rush in. The Yggdrasil IV and thisExcalibur are alsoequiped with barriers. That's what we'll use. Although only for a short time,we can withstanda direct hit from Merkava's main cannon. Then we can close in and watch forthat part of thebarrier to go down and then destroy the cannon.
Fei: How long will our barrier last?
Bart: About 20 or so seconds.
Fei: That's all? It wouldn't matter how fast we fly. In that amount of time,we'll be without abarrier before we can get within firing range. And those numbers are valid onlyif thegenerator is at full drive, right? You can only get those numbers if wesacrifice all otheroutputs and propulsion.
Bart: I'm not suggesting we go in with guns blazing knowing we're gonna lose.We're going tophysically put a lid on it, directly!!
Fei: ?
Bart: As you've said... The Yggdrasil IV's barrier can't sufficiently defendagainst Merkava'sattack. At least with one generator that is...
Billy: Meaning...?
Bart: Meaning, we can defend against Merkava with twice the amount of time......40 seconds,if we couple the generators together. This way, we can make it in the heart ofMerkava.
Maison: Then, what about the propulsion...
Bart: Just hear me out.
[A screen of the Yggdrasil IV and Excalibur show up.]
Bart: This is what we do... First we transform my Yggdrasil into heavy assaultmode and load itinto the Excalibur so we can couple the generators. By doing that, we canreduce the energyusage down to just supporting the hull of the ship and generating the barrier.This will allowmost of the energy to be devoted to generating the barrier. Next, shift thebarrier to fullfront and focus it to a single point where their main cannon will make itsstrike. Now formovement. First off, we develop a barrier by engaging Excalibur's generator tomaximum power.For propulsion during that time, we'll install on the Yggdrasil those largesolid rockets wegot from the ruins of the Mass-Driver. When Excalibur's barrier expires, we'lluse theYggdrasil IV's generator to develop a barrier. Then we'll also detach the solidrockets andshift the Excalibur into conventional flight. Using this method, we can getright in Merkava'sface. After it fires, it'll be defenseless. During this time, we'll block themuzzle ofMerkava's cannon with Excalibur's bow ram. Upon which, we should have 0.67secondsl.. with thecannon fire of the Excalibur, we'll destroy the Yggdrasil IV's slave generatorand incapicatethe MErkava along the way and theen... we break through!
[He turns the monitor off.]
Bart: ...That's what the plan is all about. The combinations of the barriers ofboth ships...Storming the Merkava. ...The timing of the cannon fire of the Excalibur...These are all goingto be crucial. Mess up any one of these and the consequences are going to besevere. Hence,it'll be necessary to have both crews in synch with each other. That's why I'dlike to placeSig in command of the Excalibur.
Sigurd: I have no qualms with that...
Bart: What do you think, Queen? Will you lend us your battleship?
Zephyr: Since there appears to be no other alternative, let us go with that.Please use it asyou see fit.
Citan: But we are not cutting it uncomfortably close? ...When you calculate thearrival timeand the barrier generation time, you will see what I mean! One minor mishapwill put us in asituation where we could run out of barrier power before our arrival.
Sigurd: Alos, we will be devoting both generators to keep the barriers up...Won't that leaveus without perimeter defenses? We won't stand a chance if we get engaged by the-Seraph-angels on our way to Merkava.
Fei: We'll hold them off. You can count on us! You guys just concentrate ontaking out thatmain cannon.
Bart: Thanks. We're depending on you.
Fei: Already, everywhere else has been taken out. This is the only place that'sleft. This isgoing to be the true final battle.
[Fei sits in the chair in front of a pic of a snowy landscape.]
Fei: We set out to silence god's ark, 'Merkava', which was the epitome ofoffensive anddefensive power... and then storm inside it... We initiated the operation todestroy 'Zohar'.
[The Yggdrasil launches an attack on Merkava with the Excalibur. It jumps onMerkava when thetime is right, and destroys the main cannon. The Yggdrasil blasts off as theExcalibur fires...]
[Merkava blows up. On the Yggdrasil bridge, an alarm rings.]
Fei: That can't be!
Billy: A secondary explosion...!?
Citan: Oh no! I should have known better. What a miscalculation! The explosionwas too big. Itreacted with the main condensor right under the main cannon... and induced asecondaryexplosion... How could I have been so stupid!?
Bart: You mean, we overdid it!?
Citan: Why did I not realize it sooner!? This means... We might have... Oh no,Elly...!
Fei: Oh... oh my gosh... Elly...!!
Billy: W, what is it, this time?
Bart: Hey, Citan! What more is going to happen!?
Citan: Something is happening in the center of Merkava... What could it be...!?
[Merkava crashes into the earth. Suddenly, a giant white organism blasts out ofthe wreckage.It inflates to huge proportions, then blasts the earth. The shockwave destroyseverythingaround it.]
[Fei sits in the chair. Behind him is a picture of the havoc Deus has wreackedon the earth.]
Fei: At that time, the earth quaked and shook. Now, from the location where theMerkava crashed, a giant object appeared. It was Deus' final form. The Merkava was merely itsvessel. Deusevolved through the use of Krelian's nanomachines into a planetary scale weaponand beganterraforming. It was attempting to convert this entire planet into a weapon...We retreatedback to the base at the snow plains to form a new strategy... We decided to goback into Deus,time was running out for us.
[In the crashed remains of Shevat...]
[Fei visits Queen Zephyr standing outside watching the snow fall.]
Zephyr: The snow keeps falling... Softly covering up everything in this world...Our sorrow,our defilement, our mistakes... If only we could wipe away these things aseasily as that...What have we... have I... been doing... been pursuing... for these past 500years? By theway... How is the person you rescued from Merkava? I heard he recoveredconsciousness...
Citan: Yes, well, at first, he had lost faith in himself but now he is better.Kahr has revivedhimself, and has found some real meaning in his life. If he decides to fight onour side thenour total fighting power shall be greatly increased.
[Previously, on the Yggdrasil, Sigurd, Citan and Ramsus stand in the hospitalward.]
Citan: Kahr... Please listen to me! Right now, we must forget about being friendor foe. We allmust support one another, regardless... Right now, we need your help!
Ramsus: ...I... am... just trash... ...a... reject...
[Citan slaps Ramsus. He falls to the floor.]
Citan: Stop feeling sorry for yourself and pull yourself together man!!
Sigurd: Hyuga!? What are you...
Citan: Trash... Reject... You can take pity and call yourself that all you want,but what aboutthem!?
[The camera angle changes, revealing that the Elements are also in the room.]
Citan: Are these women stupid, or trash, or rejects too for believing in you?The reasons whyyou helped the girls who had no one to turn to, may not have been that noble...But in spiteof that, they stuck with you. Do you know why? They know you better thananybody else. Theyknow the true kindness that exists in your heart. They know because they wantto be loved.That is why they won't leave you. Kahr... Do not make them into the trash orrejects thatyou speak of.
Dominia: Commander...
Ramsus: All of you...
Citan: Needless to say, you are not trash or a reject... We know that betterthan anyone does.
Ramsus: I... I didn't realize that what I've been looking for... was so close tome... I'm...sorry... for not realizing sooner!
Dominia: Oh, Commander...!!
[Back at the snow hideout...]
Fei: So much has happened between him and I... When this battle enbds, I want toface Ramsusone on one in sport, not war, as a martial artist.
Zephyr: I am sure he wishes the same thing too.
Fei: Perhaps...
Zephyr: Fei... May I ask you something? About Elly... What if, even if we breakZohar's spell,she doesn't return to normal...
Fei: Elly will go back to her usual self! I will go on believing that. But evenif that doesn'thappen... I will still... ...Well, let's just say I'm prepared for that too!
Zephyr: You don't have to do this if you don't want to, you know. Your opponentis the personyou love... If you decide to quit now, no one will blame you.
Fei: To quite would be meaningless. All that I fought for, and all that I livefor, woudl cometo have no meaning at all... People should be free. With no one bound byothers, and no onebinding others... Inside of me, there is a part of me that desires thatfreedom, and a partof me that gives me hope. So, I shall fight to win true freedom! For we arestill alive! Wefight to live. That is the reason why I fight. It's proof I'm human. I promisedmy father,and myself too, that I would free Elly from Deus' binds that I would saveher...
Zephyr: I understand. So, let's keep believing... And hope for a miracle...
[The party visits Taura at his house.]
Taura: Thanks for visiting. You're looking mightly healthy. I want to help youmore... but thisbody can't survive unless it breathes the air here... Looks like I'm just aboutready to meetmy maker, huh... Ho, huh, huh!
Fei: Oh Taura...
Taura: Don't worry. I'll stop my moaning. Besides, I have a nice present foryou. The fate ofthe world is in your hand... We'll be counting on you!! In the meantime, I willjust watchfrom here...
[He gives them some items.]
[The party heads to a lighthouse.]
Citan: The base of this light house was built several thousand years ago.Islanders added alight to make it into a lighthouse. But no one knows what it really is.
[They head down and see a city.]
Fei: ...The city we saw from Emeralda's ruins... ...We've come a long way fromthere...
[They continue exploring and eventually, Fei and Emeralda step out on abalcony.]
Fei: ...Where are we...?
[They flashback to Kim's time. There is a new year's celebration.]
Kim: Congradulations Elly. Another year has come and past.
Elly: Yes, Happy New Year, Kim! I don't know what it is, but just now... yousounded like anold person speaking.
Kim: No, well, this time last year I never thought the war would come this far.
Elly: ...Yes. But we managed to get by without getting involved.
Kim: But, it's not over yet. Why, at this very moment people are still dying.
Elly: ...Let's stop talking about this... Let's not dwell on the past year...Not at the startof a new year!
Kim: Yes, well... today, at least, I want to spend a day without worrying.
[They eat in a restaurant high above the city.]
Kim: Stupid! Idiots! A bunch of fools!
Elly: Kim... you're too loud.
Kim: I don't care if they hear me. All the people here are also fools!
Elly: Kim!
Kim: Think about it. What's the purpose of fighting each other on such a tinyplanet as this?Fighting out of fear of being hunted into a corner... Rushing in to fight as ifthere wereonly so many 'reserved seats' to the rights of life... Starting a war isstupid. Inciting itis also stupid. Killing people as an act of terrorism or as a protest ofagainst wars thatkill people is just as stupid. You're all fools!
Elly: ...Kim, I felt sorry for that child. But I don't think people in Ravinedestroyed thegenerator with that intention. They don't have any other ways to expressthemselves. Thegovernment is the one to blame.
Kim: Is that a good enough reason for that child, or those dead people? Itwasn't much of anoperation. It was difficult but there was enough chance to win... We'd have wonif we hadbetter equipment... That child would have been saved if there waselectricity... It's not justthat child. Five people died in my hospital. The ICU didn't function... Stupid.Just fools.Humans, creatures are meant to live. Why do they want to die out? Why do theystranglethemselves? Humans are defective creatures. A bunch of fools! That's whygenetic damage is uplately. The birth rate is also going down. Only 30 years to live... Nature,this planet, won'tallow humans to live any longer than that.
Elly: ... Am I... a fool, too?
Kim: Huh...?
Elly: I had a physical at the hospital today... They said I can't bear childrenbecause ofhereditary genetic damage. ...I can't create life. I am a creature waiting tobecome extinct....Am I also a fool?
Kim: ...
[Later in the bedroom, Kim talks to himself.]
Kim: ... ...It's no good... ...It's not gonna work... Somehow we must break thespell or thehumans on this planet will die out. No, I don't care about humans... Lifeitself will beruined if we don't do something... Some... pure life... not cursed... A purelife...
[Later in the lab...]
Kim: This, this is the new spirit vessel that will break the curse. It hasn'tawakened yet. Theform was created by nanomachines, but neural simulation hasn't been done by theAssemblerTower yet. It's physically stable, but still doesn't function as a livingcreature yet.
Elly: A nanomachine colony...
Kim: No matter how many times we rewrite the hereditary codes... ...theimpression enbedded inour bodies cannot be stopped. It was necessary to pursue this further. We hadto recreate themolecular... no... ...actually the atomic level, by referring to the structuralpatterns ofyou and I. This child... holds our futures and possibilities...
Elly: Can this child be the angel who can give us more time?
[Back in the present day...]
Emeralda: ... I, remember... long ago... you... ...Kim, ...died... right beforetown died...It was because soldiers of town... tried use me...
Fei: ...That's right... The memory in my soul... It was left in me for yoursake...
Emeralda: While I being held... Krelian told that I... ...the ultimate 'work ofart' thattechnology gave birth to... Yes, I knew I was thing. Look, my body... Differentfrom Maria,Margie... and Elly. ...Human imitation... ...but different. Kim and Ellysaid... I was angel.
Fei: ...Yes, you are the child I, or Kim, wished for. Kim has been a part of me,in my blood-passing his memory down the generations- for the past 4000 years. Existing forthe day thatthe child, who Kim was never able to embrace for so long, would be born.
Emeralda: Fei! Thank for being substitute Kim till now! But, it okay... I bestrong and makeKim and Elly proud that I their child! ...W, what...? Fei... body... so...h...hot... Fei...hold me... tight... Don't let go.
[She changes into an adult.]
Emeralda: Fei.. body... ...I become adult... adult... I... I not get in your wayanymore!!
[They leave.]
[Eventually, the party heads to Deus.]
[Eventually, the group reaches a large organism being surrounded by 4 orbs.Electrical powereminates from the organism.]
Fei: This is... Deus!?
Chu-Chu: What are those four orbs spinning around it?
Maria: It seems as if the power of those four things is supporting the center.
Rico: So that means that big thing in the middle is the core of Deus?
Citan: Probably.
Bart: Who cares about those orbs. Let's just crush the core.
Citan: Striking directly at the center rather than using fuel unnecessarily...That is onestrategy. But, I believe another plan of attack would be to defeat itssurroundings first.If we decide to attack the supporting orbs first, then it might be wise toleave the battlesup to us. We should be able to do something about them without using up Fei'spower.
Emeralda: That'll allow him to use the full power of Xenogears... ...to defeatDues. And yes,of course, to save Elly!
Billy: Whether we do a direct strike to the core or take down the supportsfirst... I guessthat is best left up to Fei to decide...
Fei: ...Thanks everyone. To attack Deus directly... or to take out its supportsfirst... Iwonder which is best?]
[Bart, Billy, Rico, Emeralda and Chu-Chu take out the orbs. Afterwards, Maria,Citan and Bartface Deus, a large angelic Gear. After a long fight it is defeated. The largeorganism stopsmoving.]
Fei: What... happened?
Rico: My Gear won't budge anymore.
Citan: The Zohar Modifier has ceased functioning. That is probably the reasonwhy our Gearscannot move anymore. There is only a slight energy response coming from thecore now.
Fei: What about Elly? What's happening to her inside of that thing? The Deussystem's bind onher should have worn off now. So why aren't we getting any kind of response!?You don't thinkwe hurt her in that battle to...!?
Citan: Fei, calm down! The sensors are picking up a response from a life formwithin Deus. Itis probably Elly. So do not worry... I believe she is okay!
[Fei approaches the large organism.]
Fei: Elly! Can you hear me, Elly!? Deus is no longer active. It's all overnow... So come outof there. Show me your face! Elly! Elly!
[Suddenly the organism starts shaking and electricity starts eminating out ofit.]
Bart: W, what the...? What's happening...!?
Fei: Doc!? What's going one? What's wrong?
Citan: I am now detecting a tremendous amount of energy coming from within Deus.It seems asif something that was sealed up till now has suddenly been freed and is growingenormously...
Fei: It couldn't be... the 'Wave Existence'!?
Bart: The 'Wave Existence'?
Fei: That's gotta be it. The 'Wave Existence' was just freed from its 'cage offleshlyexistence' in Zohar... It's probably attempting to return to the higherdimension that itoriginally came from.
Citan: Which means... this is the aftereffect of the dimensional shift!?
Rico: What do you mean... 'aftereffect'!?
Citan: It is like a shock wave that is induced by the dimensional displacement.But... so muchenergy!? If this much energy is unleashed here now...
Fei: ... If so much energy is unleashed... then what will happen, doc!? Tell us!
Citan: ...Then this planet will be annihilated! These numbers indicate that ithas more thanenough energy to take out a whole planet!
Chu-Chu: Whatchu mean!?
Bart: You can't be serious!?
Billy: We fought so hard... only to see this happen...!?
Fei: Isn't there... isn't there anything we can do? Can't we stop theaftereffect!?
Citan: Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do... Almost all machinery,including our Gears,are out of commission due to Zohar being shut down. This time, there is nothingwe can do...To put it to you straight... this is the end for us!
Bart: This is freaking stupid! How the hell could it all end like this!? Whatwere we allfighting for up to now!?
[Suddenly, it starts shaking and flashing.]
Billy: Th, the vibrations are intensifying...
Rico: Hold on a sec...! No, those vibrations are different! It has to besomething else causingit...
Maria: Look!
[Deus starts flying away.]
Bart: Deus is...!
Fei: Deus is rising!?
Chu-Chu: What is it this time!?
Citan: Deus is releasing its remaining energy and is beginning to accelerate...If it continuesto accelerate at this rate, it will soon leave the atmosphere...
Fei: You don't think...!?
Bart: Think what!?
Fei: That it's Elly!? Elly is moving Deus...!
Rico: Are you sure!?
Fei: I'm sure of it! Elly is trying to save us by moving Deus away from ourplanet! She's goingto sacrifice herself!
Maria: That can't be... Oh, Elly...
Billy: Can't we do anything...? We can't just sit here and watch this happen,can we?
Citan: ...
Fei: Wait... There is still something I can do!
Chu-Chu: What is it, Fei!?
Fei: My Gear still works. Without Zohar, the power source for your Gears, theonly Gear thatnow remains active is mine. Just like Deus, my Gear and I made contact withZohar. We are theonly one's who can move now. I am going to go save Elly!
Citan: That is absurd! Even if you were able to catch up to Deus, you will nothave enoughenergy to make it back!
Fei: Even so, I still must go. Elly's taking the whole burden upon herself! Ifanything happensto her... I want to be there with her...
Bart: Hey! Just a minute! You know I'm not gonna stand by and let you commitdouble suicide...if that's what you're planning!
Fei: Bart...
Bart: ...You better come back alive, you hear!? Promise me!! Promise me that youwill comeback... Then I'll let you go!!
Fei: ...Thanks, Bart. I promise. I promise you that I will return... with Elly!
Bart: You better.
Fei: Yeah, of course!
Bart: Alright! Then get going!
Citan: But...!
Bart: Let's let him go, Citan. At this point, Fei's the only one that'll be ableto bring Ellyback. There's nothing we can say or do about it.
Citan: ...You are right. Fei, keep your promise...
Billy: No matter what...
Maria: Fei and Elly...
Emeralda: Both of you...
Rico: Come back home...
Chu-Chu: We'll be waiting for you chu!
Fei: I appreciate this... Bart... and the rest of you... Well I had better getgoing now...but don't worry! I will be back soon! I guess this will be the last journey youand I maketogether... I'm counting on you... partner!
[Fei takes off. He approaches Deus in the sky, fastly approaching space.]
Fei: Elly!
[As soon as the two exit earth's atmosphere, a giant portal materializes andsucks them bothin. Fei wakes up naked standing on a pool of water like the one that the waveexistence wasin. Elly, passed out, levitates nearby.]
Fei: Where am I...!? That's Elly! This must mean that I am inside of Deus!?
[Suddenly, a wave like existence that resembles a human face materializes.]
Existence: Not exactly. Your actual body is but a physical object... It hasmerely beenabsorbed into Deus' outer shell. Only your consiousness is here. Of course, thegirl youperceive in front of you is also not a true being. Your consciousness is merelycreatingher image.
Fei: !? The 'Wave Existence'...? No... that's not you...!! Who are you...? Itcan't be...! Isthat you Krelian? That's right, isn't it...? Krelian! It was you who did thisto Elly!
Krelian: The 'Path of Sephirot' has been connected. No one can stop god fromreturning to hisworld now. So what have you come here for, Lacan?
Fei: I came here to take the person I love back with me! So set Elly free! TheDeus' system hasbeen destroyed. It's all over now! So instead I ask you... What are you hopingto achieve now!?
Krelian: The time when all things started... The place where all things wereone... I am goingthere!
Fei: What place?
Krelian: Before the beginning of the universe, in the undulating waves of thehigher dimension,all things were one. It was the waves spilling out from there that created thisfour-dimensional universe of ours. 'Humankind' and the 'Souls of Humankind'that were bornfrom there, are merely leftovers of those spilled waves. So...
Fei: You're going back there? Is that what you desired?
Krelian: Lacan... Why such reluctance to become one with the god? Whatattachment could youpossibly have to this wretched old world? What meaning can be found in livingout such a shortexistence... hurting others, hurting yourself, grinding one another down...only to inevitablydie and return to dust? Why, everything we could ever desire is here... No needto be troubledby the need for love... For this place is filled with the love of god.
Fei: I have not lost hope in humans as much as you have, Krelian... Somedayhumankind will cometo understand one another! I sincerely believe that!
Krelian: How can you be so sure? Humans will never come to understand eachother. You said thatshe is the person you love. but can you say that you even truly understand eachother? Allhumans do is place themselves at a comfortable distance from each other andcall that 'mutualunderstanding', 'spiritual unity', or 'true love'... but it is all lies! Mancannot associatewith others without first deceiving themselves. That is the way that they werecreated.
Fei: But one being's ego can't determine everyone's fate! People have the rightto choose theirown destiny! That is why humans have free will!
Krelian: And what if that 'Will' itself was predetermined? What then? Oh whatfolly!? Humansare just primitive life forms that have no such thing as free will... Mankindhas merely beenallowed to live in an imperfect state... "as is", "as will be"... It is forthis veryreason... because humans have this wretched 'will' or whatnot... that humansmust experiencesadness and loss. For someone to gain something means another must lose it...It is impossibleto make humankind share limited "things" and "affections"... So I came to theconclusion thateverything must be reverted back to where it all began. To go back to when allwas one...waves, and nothing else... It is not my -Human's- ego... It is the will of the'Waves' ...the will of -god-...
Fei: Well that's alright too... We don't have to be perfect. Actually, beingimperfect makesmankind live by helping each other... That's what being human is... That'smutual understanding!That's 'unity' and 'love'... I'm glad... no, I'm proud... to be human! Ellyplaced the future,-tomorrow-, in our hands, based on our choice... And she is working to keepDeus far away fromour planet. She is also trying to steal your heart... you, who wants to journeyall alone, tobe with god... Can't you understand Elly's feelings!? Do you have to become onewith godbefore you are able to comprehend all of this? I understand... I know herfeelings... as ifthey were my own... Yes... she and I are one! We don't need god's help!!
Krelian: Well then, prove it to me... Show me this power of humans! Show me this-love- thatyou say can make you independent of god...
[Suddenly, a large woman, atleast 50 feet tall with wings and a snake tailappears. Fei's bodyquickly migrates through the air into Xenogears. Fei relentlessly attacks thewoman until shefalls to the ground, dead. Krelian dissappears. Fei leaves Xenogears and walksup to Elly.]
Fei: Elly...
Elly: Fei... It was Krelian... Krelian released me...
Fei: Krelian...?
Elly: Yes. I came to understand after becoming one with Krelian... His heart wasso full ofsadness. That is why he desired for he and I to become one with god... Becausethat would bethe return to the beginning of everything... He told me... "You should be withhim..." That iswhat he said... You see... He already knew! Yes, he already knew... how I felt,how you felt...But there was nothing we or he could do... He had no choice but to go foward...even if itmeant he lost all feelings, lost everything that was human! For all humankind'ssake... Therewas no going back... Even looking back held too many memories... And he wouldhave... justwanted to go back... Even though he couldn't... So please forgive him...Krelian loved peoplemore than anyone else...
Fei: I... I, somehow... knew it all along... I just knew he was really that kindof person...
Elly: I am so sorry... so please forgive me! I was wrong... I thought sacrficingmyself inorder to save others was the right thing to do... But my actions only broughtsadness toall the people who I left behind. And that sadness gave birth to even moresadness. As longas 'I' still live within you, my life is not just mine alone.
Fei: Elly... That isn't wrong. To sacrifice yourself for others is a noblething... Even if itwere to benefit yourself, its no problem. There will always be a personhealed... One or theother... Love gains its original shine only when there's an interelationshipbetween the giver and the receiver. It is incomplete when one or the other is missing. The twoare one. It wasyou, Elly, who taught me that. I believe that is what it means to be human. Ican nowunderstand the true importance of it. I don't know if its the right answer ornot... But wehave a lot of time to think about it. What Krelian himself was looking for allalong... Wewill find the answer to it all ...ourselves...
Elly: Thank you... Fei!
Fei: Elly...
[Elly falls down to the ground next to Fei.]
Fei:  Let us return to our planet.
[Suddenly, a bright light emits from the sky.]
Elly:  That light, the point of contact with our world. Can we make it in time?
[Fei extends his hand to Elly.]
Fei: Can you run?
Elly:  If we're together again.
[Fei and Elly run as fast as they can while the ground beneath them starts torumble andcrack. Suddenly, Elly trips and falls.]
Fei: Elly!
[Fei jumps to Elly and holds her as the shock wave passes by, destroying theground undertheir feet. They fall hundreds of feet till a portal suddenly opens andtransports them to arock out in space. Fei looks up and sees Krelian.]
Fei:  Krelian... you...
Krelian:  Theres no time. This place is about to be destroyed. Now there is nomore god. Thisis no longer their planet, this is your home planet that you are now standingon.
Fei:  Krelian, you're not going, are you...
Krelian:  no...
[turns around]
Krelian:  Since that time, I have stopped being human. I have commited so manysins that anyattempt at living as a human is impossible. The only one who could haveforgiven me is god.
[Fei gets up and Elly soon follows.]
Fei:  Thats not true! I'm sure they would understand! Theres still plenty oftime to atone foryour sins. You of all people can do it.
[Krelian smiles.]
Krelian:  Always the peacemaker, eh Lacan? But, regardless, I cannot go. It issomething I havealready decided. I'm going to walk with god, even if there is no place left forme upon myreturn.
[turns]
Krelian:  I must go now.
Fei:  Krelian!
[Suddenly, wings sprout out of Krelian's shoulders.]
Krelian:  Actually, I envy you two.
[Fei and Elly are transported back to earth. Suddenly, a large explosion rocksthe sky.]
[On earth, Citan and the others arrive at the seashore.]
Citan: Fei! What happened?
Mystery Man:  I'm picking up waves from the ionisphere that are making itimpossible to makea visual. They were probably caught up in the explosion.
Bart:  Thats a lie! He'll come back, he promised us he would! I know it!
[Suddenly Emeralda notices something in the sky.]
[Xenogears heads back to the earth at a great speed.]
Chu-Chu:  chu chu chu chu chu chu
[Chu-Chu hops off]
[Citan looks to the sky.]
Citan: aah!
[Xenogears approaches earth.]
[The party runs to Xenogears and the game ends.]
end credits
XENOGEARS EPISODE V
THE END